Fishing Report - Central Zone | Oregon Department of Fish & Wildlife Recreation Report Central Zone Recreation Report Regulation Updates Table of Contents Table of Contents Get the Central Zone Fishing Report in your inbox Subscribe Recreation Report Double rainbows at Crane Prairie. Photo by Christian Howarth Central Fishing September 3, 2026 Best bets for weekend fishing: Anglers can still fish for trout throughout the lower Deschutes. Using a large stonefly nymph or a double nymph setup with an indicator typically does well during the summer months. Water clarity and overall conditions at Kingsley Reservoir are great for fishing, should still be good opportunity for trout this summer. As the reservoir storage level recedes, anglers report productive brown trout fishing at Wickiup Reservoir. Anglers report excellent fishing for recently stocked and holdover trout at Three Creek Lake. Anglers report smaller than average (12-16-in) but abundant rainbow trout and 15-in kokanee and good fishing at Crane Prairie Reservoir. Anglers report good trout fishing and excellent kokanee fishing at Paulina Lake. Kokanee at Paulina Lake is amongst the largest in Central Oregon this year averaging 13-14 inches. Positive reports keep rolling in from East Lake with large numbers of rainbow trout in the 16-18-inch range, trophy brown trout over 24-inches, and kokanee 13-15-inches. The Metolius River is an excellent trout fishery in September and October. Fall River was recently replenished with stocked trout, and anglers report good nymphing opportunities near the hatchery and the headwaters. Trout stocking Stocking schedules have been impacted by lower-than-normal water levels and higher temperatures. Aug. 31- Sept 25: Twin Lake North, Twin Lake South, Walton Lake, Pine Nursery Pond, Prineville Fishing Pond. Check out the Trout stocking schedule . View the ODFW fishing and trout stocking maps to find nearby fishing locations, driving directions and descriptions of amenities. Announcements Steelhead Closure for the Lower Deschutes River The Lower Deschutes River from the Pelton re-regulating dam downstream to the confluence with the Columbia is closed for steelhead angling and retention. The closure is in accordance with the Deschutes River Steelhead Management Framework and in response to very poor returns of wild summer steelhead thus far at Bonneville Dam. Steelhead Closure for the John Day River Steelhead fishing closed on the John Day River Sept. 1 to protect wild upriver summer steelhead migration and will remain in place at least through December 31, 2026. The closure runs from the mainline railroad bridge at the confluence with the Columbia and all sections upstream, including both the North and Middle Forks of the John Day River, as well as all tributaries. New Kokanee Regulations for 2026 Beginning January 1, 2026, kokanee will no longer be included in the trout daily bag limit. Anglers will be able keep up to 10 kokanee per day, no size limits except in Lake Billy Chinook, and up to five trout per day in lakes. The kokanee bag limit at Elk, Odell, and Suttle lakes will remain at 25 per day. See the 2026 Fishing regulation book for details and waterbodies with exceptions. New Permanent Docks at Crane Prairie, Paulina, and Cultus Lakes New permanent docks have been installed at Crane Prairie, Paulina, and Cultus Lakes following a recreation improvement grant funded through the Bend Sustainability Fund. The project, led by the Deschutes Trails Coalition in partnership with the U.S. Forest Service, replaced aging seasonal docks with permanent structures intended to improve lake access, extend recreational use during shoulder seasons and improve access for people with disabilities. 2026 Waterway Access Permit A waterway access permit is required for all non-motorized boats (inc. drift, raft, SUPs, inflatables, etc.). Revenue from the Waterway Access Permit supports the improvement and maintenance of boating access sites and the protection of Oregon's waters from invasive species. Access permits are available where hunting/fishing licenses are sold and online via ODFWs e-Licensing System and the Oregon State Marine Board websites. Quagga Mussel Found at Prineville Reservoir A single dead adult quagga mussel was found out of water on the shoreline at Prineville Reservoir on June 6 during a routine survey for aquatic invasive species. This marks the first time that this highly invasive freshwater mussel species has been found in or near an Oregon waterbody. Read the press release here . The public is encouraged to report any suspicious sightings to the Oregon Invasive Species Hotline at 1‑866‑INVADER or online at https://oregoninvasiveshotline.org to support ongoing monitoring and early detection efforts. Clean, Drain, Dry: Help Protect Oregon's Waterways Public awareness and action are critical to protecting Oregon's waterway from harmful aquatic invasive species. Boaters and anglers are encouraged to "Clean, Drain, and Dry" all boats and equipment and report any suspected sightings to 1-866-INVADER or at https://oregoninvasiveshotline.org/ . CLEAN all aquatic plants, animals, and mud from your boat, motor, or trailer and discard them in the trash. Rinse, scrub, or pressure wash away from storm drains, ditches, or waterways. Lawns, gravel pads, or self-serve car washes are best. DRAIN water from your motor, live well, bilge, and inside compartments on land before leaving the waterbody. For paddle craft, flip or tilt the craft to let the water drain. Open any compartments and remove seats if necessary. Rinse or flush under the flooring, at inflation chamber joints, or in other areas that can trap mud and debris. DRY your boat between uses if possible. Leave compartments open and sponge out standing water. Find a place that will allow the anchor line to dry. AND "Pull the Plug" if your boat has a drain plug. On Board Fish Cleaning With the rise in popularity of on-board fish cleaning tables, anglers are reminded that they must retain enough of the carcass to identify the size, species and any fin clip. Law enforcement personnel must be able to determine that fish were harvested lawfully. This is especially important for waterbodies with size or fin clip restrictions including Lake Billy Chinook, Crescent Lake, Odell Lake, and Crane Prairie Reservoir. Fishing during blue-green algae (cyanobacterial) blooms As temperatures heat up this summer, be on the watch for harmful algae blooms when recreating in Oregon lakes, rivers and reservoirs. Before you go fishing, check water quality conditions at the Oregon Health Authority website . Backcountry/High Lake Angling To help create fisheries in Oregon's backcountry, off-road areas, ODFW stocks 65 lakes in the Deschutes District every two years with brook, rainbow and cutthroat trout. More information can be found here: https://myodfw.com/articles/fishing-oregons-hike-lakes https://myodfw.com/articles/high-lakes-stocking-schedule-deschutes-district See Google map of stocking locations Fish Consumption Advisories The Oregon Health Authority has issued consumption guidelines for parts of the Columbia River and East Lake due to high levels of mercury and/or PCBs. Fish with these chemicals look, act, smell and taste like any other fish, so caution is important. Bonneville Dam fish advisory Oregon Health Authority Fish Advisories and Consumption Guidelines Safe fish choices for pregnancy and young children Sign up for the latest information on boater access Marine Board's Opportunities and Access Report incorporates information from federal and state agencies, local facility operators and fellow boaters to provide up-to-date information so boaters can decide where to recreate and what to expect this season. Subscribe to receive email updates . Updates by waterbody CRANE PRAIRIE RESERVOIR: Rainbow trout, brook trout, largemouth bass, kokanee Crane Prairie is currently 60% full and is being slowly drawn down. Anglers report excellent trout and kokanee fishing with abundant trout in the 12-16" range and kokanee averaging 13-14". With warming surface water temperatures trout can be found in the cooler relic river channels in the Cultus and Quin River arms. Catch and release anglers should avoid the warmest part of the day and land fish quickly. Anglers are reminded to not disturb spawning kokanee or walk on redds in the tributaries to Crane Prairie. Last updated 9/3/26. CRESCENT LAKE: Rainbow trout, brown trout, lake trout and kokanee Crescent Lake is currently 11% full. Boat anglers should opt for the low-water ramp at the Crescent Lake Campground or launching off the beach at Tranquil Cove. Open to fishing all year. Anglers report good fishing for large brown and lake trout and kokanee averaging 13". One lake trout per day, 24-inch minimum length. Last updated 9/3/26. Check water levels . CROOKED RIVER: Trout, whitefish Open to fishing all year below Bowman Dam. Anglers report excellent fishing for trout and whitefish and recent ODFW sampling indicates healthy and robust fish populations. Anglers should expect to see high irrigation flows during the summer below Bowman Dam. At the time of writing, outflows were 226cfs; however, anglers should anticipate flows dropping in September as the irrigation season comes to an early end. Nymphing with small midge, scud, and mayfly imitations have been the most effective patterns, but fly-anglers should keep an eye out for fish rising in afternoon. Crooked River anglers may encounter bull trout now that there is volitional passage at Opal Springs. Anglers who catch a bull trout should release it unharmed and report their catch to the US Fish and Wildlife Service at crookedbulltrout@fws.gov . Last updated 9/3/26. Check water levels . DAVIS LAKE: Largemouth bass, rainbow trout Open to fishing all year. A mild winter has resulted in warmer than normal surface water temperatures anglers report active bass and a hot start to the season. Fly-fishing only, barbless hooks required. Catch-and-release for trout. No limit on size or number of warmwater fish. No new updates. Last updated 7/26/26. Davis Lake anglers may encounter bull trout which must be immediately released unharmed and report their catch to the US Fish and Wildlife Service at crookedbulltrout@fws.gov . DESCHUTES RIVER, mouth to Pelton Dam: Redband trout, salmon, whitefish The Deschutes River is closed to steelhead angling and retention from the re-regulating dam downstream to the confluence with the Columbia. Salmon angling and retention is currently closed, except for the area at Sherars falls downstream to the railroad trestle. The first few coho of the season at Sherars were caught last week. Trout fishing is open and has been good with stonefly nymphs plus some dry fly action in the evenings. Using a large stonefly nymph or a double nymph setup with an indicator typically does well during the summer months. Last updated 8/31/26. DESCHUTES RIVER, Lake Billy Chinook to Benham Falls: Rainbow trout, brown trout, whitefish Open to fishing all year. Anglers report productive fishing and stonefly, salmon fly, and caddis hatches in the Middle Deschutes near Steelhead Falls and Crooked River Ranch. No harvest of rainbow trout over 20 inches. Anglers report good fishing for brown and redband trout in the Steelhead Falls area . The Deschutes River in Bend at Riverbend Park and Riley Ranch have also been productive for trout fishing. No new updates. Last updated 7/30/26. Check water levels . DESCHUTES RIVER, Benham Falls to Little Lava Lake: Rainbow trout, brown trout The Upper Deschutes River above Benham Falls will close to angling on October 1. Anglers report excellent fishing in the headwaters reach for redband trout, brook trout, and mountain whitefish and good brown trout fishing in the Wickup Tailwater reach of the Deschutes River. Flows are beginning to drop between Wickiup Dam and Bend as the irrigation season comes to an early end. In late summer fly anglers might find success in the Upper Deschutes with hoppers, ants and beetles. Anglers are reminded to not disturb spawning kokanee or walk on redds in the tributaries to Crane Prairie. The Deschutes River Arm of Wickiup Reservoir from the boat ramp at Gull Point to the markers upstream of Sheeps Bridge closed to angling on September 1 to protect spawning kokanee. Last updated 9/3/26. Check water levels . DEVILS LAKE: Rainbow Trout, brook trout Devils lake was stocked with rainbow trout in early June and July providing a great opportunity for anglers fishing from the bank or non-motorized paddle craft. Open to fishing all year. Non-motorized boats only. No new updates. Last updated 7/16/26. EAST LAKE: Rainbow trout, brown trout, kokanee Anglers continue to report excellent brown and rainbow trout fishing at East Lake; however, low water levels continue to make launching larger boats a challenge. Anglers should keep an eye out the second brood of callibaetis while chironomids remain important in deeper water, and beetles and other terrestrials continue to be important near shorelines. While not known for its kokanee fishery, kokanee at east lake are running 13-15 inches. Open to fishing all year. Catch and release for tiger trout. Last updated 9/3/26. FALL RIVER: Rainbow trout, brown trout Fall River below Fall River Falls reopened May 22, 2026. Fall River above the falls is open year-round. To help support the productive fishery, Fall River receives periodic trout stockings throughout the spring, summer, and fall. Fly-anglers continue to report good and consistent fishing in the Fall River. Nymphing with midges and stoneflies and stripping small streamers with light fluorocarbon tippet are also effective methods. Anglers should keep an eye out for afternoon blue olive wings and midge hatches. Restricted to fly-fishing with barbless hooks only. ODFW staff have noticed an increase in lures being used in Fall River and remind anglers that the use of lures and bait is prohibited. Fall River received several stockings of fresh trout in August. Last updated 9/3/26. HAYSTACK RESERVOIR: Rainbow trout, kokanee, black crappie, bluegill, smallmouth bass, largemouth bass, brown bullhead Haystack Reservoir received stockings of rainbow trout in April and May. Approximately 500 brood rainbow trout were released in December–February providing a unique opportunity to catch 4+ pound fish. As a reminder, to allow everyone a chance at catching one of these fish, only one fish over 20 inches long can be harvested each day. No new updates. Last updated 7/6/26. Check water levels . HOOD RIVER: Steelhead, rainbow and cutthroat trout No recent reports. Last updated 8/24/26. HOSMER LAKE: Brook, rainbow and cutthroat trout Anglers report excellent brook and rainbow trout fishing in the lower and upper lakes and improved fishing in the channel. Anglers should check water temperatures in the lower lake and move to the upper lake if surface water temperatures exceed 70°F. July is prime damselfly season at Hosmer. Electric motors only and restricted to fly-fishing only with barbless hooks. Open to fishing all year. Catch-and-release for all species. No new updates. Last updated 7/30/26. KINGSLEY RESERVIOR: Rainbow trout The water clarity and overall conditions are great for fishing, should still be good opportunity for trout this summer. Last updated 8/17/26. LAKE BILLY CHINOOK: Bull, brown and rainbow trout, kokanee, smallmouth bass Anglers are reporting excellent kokanee fishing with nice size fish being landed on the Crooked, Deschutes, and Metolius Arms. Anglers should note that a cyanobacteria harmful algae bloom recreational use health precaution has been issued for Lake Billy Chinook, see announcements above for more information. Tips for catching more kokanee Harvest is limited to 1 bull trout over 24 inches under the daily trout limit. No bag or size limits on brown trout and bass. No new updates. Last updated 7/2/26. LAURANCE LAKE: Rainbow trout Anglers have had mixed success lately at Laurance Lake. The lake was last stocked in May with about 3,400 rainbows. All bull trout must be released unharmed. If you don't know, let it go! Last updated 8/31/26. LAVA LAKE, Big: Rainbow trout Anglers continue to report excellent fishing for 14-18" trout at Lava Lake with some trout over 20 inches being caught. Open to fishing all year. Last updated 9/3/26. LAVA LAKE, Little: Rainbow trout, brook trout Anglers report excellent fishing at Little Lava and consistent afternoon callibaetis hatches. Open to fishing all year. No new updates. Last updated 7/30/26. Metolius River: Rainbow trout, whitefish, bull trout The Metolius River continues to be excellent for mountain whitefish, redband trout, and bull trout. Cooler fall weather and shorter days will bring on prolific fall hatches including green drakes, caddis, stoneflies, blue wing olives, and pale morning duns. Nymphing with golden stonefly, midge and perdigon nymphs have been effective for trout and streamers are always a good bet for bull trout. Anglers should keep an eye out for afternoon blue wing olive, pale morning dun, caddis, and stonefly hatches. Chinook salmon are spawning in the Metolius and anglers should avoid disturbing or targeting the fish and walking on redds. The Metolius is catch-and-release for trout including bull trout. Fishing is restricted to fly-fishing only with barbless hooks upstream of Bridge 99 (Lower Bridge). The Metolius River above Allingham Campground Bridge (NF-1217) reopened May 22, 2026. Artificial flies and lures permitted below Bridge 99 (Lower Bridge). Last updated 9/3/26. NORTH TWIN LAKE: Rainbow trout Open to fishing all year. Anglers report good fishing for recently stocked trout. North and South Twin Lakes were stocked in late May and June. Brown bullhead, which have been illegally introduced to North Twin for a second time following the 2015 rotenone treatment, has increased in abundance. This is a reminder that it is illegal to transport live fish in Oregon without a permit from ODFW. Electric motors only. No new updates. Last updated 8/6/26. OCHOCO RESERVOIR: Rainbow trout, black crappie, smallmouth bass Open to fishing all year. Ochoco Reservoir was stocked with broodstock rainbow trout over the winter and with legal-sized trout in April. Anglers report good trout fishing on the flats near the upper end of the lake and where Ochoco Creek enters the reservoir. Fishing close to shore and near the dam with PowerBait is also a proven technique. The Oregon Health Authority has issued a precaution for harmful algae blooms. Follow this link to see the Oregon Health Authorities website showing harmful algae bloom advisories. Last updated 9/3/26. Check water levels . ODELL LAKE: Lake trout, kokanee, rainbow trout Anglers report small but abundant kokanee this year with most fish around 11 inches. Lake Trout fishing has been very good at Odell this year. The bag limit is twenty-five kokanee at Odell, Suttle, and Elk lakes (see announcements above). All bull trout must be released unharmed. If you don't know, let it go! The Oregon Health Authority has issued a precaution for harmful algae blooms. Follow this link to see the Oregon Health Authorities website showing harmful algae bloom advisories. Last updated 9/3/26. PAULINA LAKE: Brown trout, rainbow trout, kokanee Anglers continue to report good trout fishing and excellent kokanee fishing at Paulina Lake. Chironomids remain important in deeper water, while beetles and other terrestrials continue to be a productive choice near shorelines. Kokanee at Paulina Lake is amongst the largest in Central Oregon this year averaging 13-14 inches. Open to fishing all year. The Oregon Health Authority has issued a precaution for harmful algae blooms. Follow this link to see the Oregon Health Authorities website showing harmful algae bloom advisories. Last updated 9/3/26. PINE HOLLOW RESERVOIR: Rainbow trout, largemouth bass, bluegill Last stocked in April with 2,502 legal size trout and 50 brood fish. No new reports. Be mindful of fire closures and restrictions from the Grasshopper Fire in the area. Last updated 8/24/26. PINE NURSERY POND: Trout, largemouth bass Open to fishing all year. No recent reports but the pond was stocked with trout in late April and with largemouth bass in May. Limit is 2 fish per day. Last updated 7/26/26. PRINEVILLE RESERVOIR: Rainbow trout, largemouth and smallmouth bass, crappie Open to fishing all year. 5 bass per day, only 1 bass over 15 inches may be harvested. Anglers report fair trout and bass fishing. Prineville Reservoir was stocked with over 100 trophy largemouth bass in May. Prineville Reservoir has been drawn down to the 3188' elevation resulting in the closure of all boat ramps for the season. A single dead adult quagga mussel was found out of water on the shoreline at Prineville Reservoir on June 6 during a routine survey for aquatic invasive species. The public is encouraged to report any suspicious sightings to the Oregon Invasive Species Hotline at 1‑866‑INVADER or online at https://oregoninvasiveshotline.org to support ongoing monitoring and early detection efforts. The Oregon Health Authority has issued an advisory for harmful algae blooms. Follow this link to see the Oregon Health Authorities website showing harmful algae bloom advisories. Last updated 9/3/26. Check water levels . SOUTH TWIN LAKE: Rainbow trout Open to fishing all year. Anglers report good fishing for recently stocked trout and holdovers. North and South Twin Lakes were stocked in late May and June. Brown bullhead were illegally introduced to South Twin for a second time following the 2011 rotenone treatment and have increased in abundance. This is a reminder that it is illegal to transport live fish in Oregon without a permit from ODFW. Electric motors only. No new reports. Last updated 7/26/26. SPRAGUE POND: Rainbow trout Turn at Cow Meadow sign off USFS Rd 40. Take first left on the first dirt road and follow road to pond. ODFW will not be stocking Sprague and Century Gravel Ponds in June as scheduled due to low water levels and high temperatures. No new reports. Last updated 7/27/26. TAYLOR LAKE (Wasco County): Rainbow trout Taylor Lake was last stocked April 2026 with 1,650 trophy size and 50 brood fish. No new reports. Lake levels are low. Last Updated 8/31/26. THREE CREEK LAKE: Rainbow trout, brook trout Anglers report excellent fishing for holdovers and recently stocked rainbow trout and wild brook trout in the 12-14 inch range with a few 18-20 rainbow trout being caught. Fly anglers should pack some dry flies and keep an eye out for afternoon callibaetis hatches. Open to fishing all year. Non-motorized boats only. No new reports. Last updated 7/30/26. WALTON LAKE: Rainbow trout Open to fishing all year. Walton Lake is currently within a closure area due to wildlife. Please check Forest Service website below for updates. No recent reports. Last updated 7/27/26. Ochoco National Forest Alerts WICKIUP RESERVOIR: Kokanee, brown trout, rainbow trout, largemouth bass Wickiup Reservoir is currently 22 percent and draining quickly. The dock at North Wickiup is now out of the water. Gull Point campground ramp remains useable. Anglers report good brown trout fishing. The Deschutes River Arm from the boat ramp at Gull Point to the markers upstream of Sheeps Bridge closed to angling on September 1 to protect spawning kokanee. Last updated 9/3/26. Check water levels . Regulation Updates Please see the regulation update page .