Fishing Report - Southeast Zone | Oregon Department of Fish & Wildlife Recreation Report Southeast Zone Recreation Report Regulation Updates Table of Contents Table of Contents Get the Southeast Zone Fishing Report in your inbox Subscribe Recreation Report Black crappie at Gerber Reservoir. Photo by Tinniswood SE Fishing September 3, 2026 Best bets for weekend fishing Catch and Release for Redband Rainbow Trout with no bait is now required through October 31 on all of Upper Klamath Lake including but not limited to Pelican Bay, Crystal Creek, Recreation Creek, Harriman Creek, Odessa Creek, Short Creek, Fourmile Creek, Thomason Creek, Fourmile Canal, Barkley Springs Channel below highway 97 and mouth of Williamson River. Yellow perch angling should be excellent in the Williamson River, Crystal Creek, Pelican Bay and Fourmile Canal. Willow Valley Reservoir is good for largemouth bass, yellow perch and some large crappies. The Wood River below Weed Road is fishing well for Brown Trout. Crappie fishing in Owhyee Reservoir has been good. Perch fishing at Dog Lake continues to be good. Trout stocking Sept. 14 - 18: Campbell Lake, Deadhorse Lake, Fourmile Lake, Lake of the Woods, Miller Lake. Check out the Trout stocking schedule. Trout stocking maps Check out the ODFW fishing and trout stocking maps to find nearby fishing locations, driving directions and descriptions of amenities Announcements Catch-and-release only for native redband trout in Klamath Basin June 15-Oct. 31. Read the news release Here. Catch-and-release tips To reduce stress and improve survival of released fish, anglers are encouraged to follow these best practices for catch‑and-release fishing: Use rubberized nets to prevent snagging and reduce injury. Keep fish in the water while removing hooks. Avoid beaching fish and minimize the time they spend out of the water. Use barbless hooks to make release quicker and less harmful. Land fish promptly to prevent over‑exhaustion. Wet hands before handling fish to protect their slime layer. Use pliers or a hook‑removal tool to speed up release. Gently support fish in the water until they swim away on their own. Avoid fishing during periods of high-water temperatures or poor water quality when fish are already stressed. Fishing in drought and wildfire season - actions you can take to protect wildlife and yourself. For the most current fire closures and restrictions-- KNOW BEFORE YOU GO . If your favorite fishing spot is no longer listed - It's probably because that river, lake or reservoir is closed for the season, inaccessible, or offers limited fishing opportunities during the year. These waterbodies will re-appear in the Recreation Report when they re-open in the spring, or when access and/or opportunity improves. Sign up for the latest information on boater access Marine Board's Opportunities and Access Report incorporates information from federal and state agencies, local facility operators and fellow boaters to provide up-to-date information so boaters can decide where to recreate and what to expect this season. Subscribe to receive email updates . Got a good fish story? If you have been out fishing and have a recent fishing report you would like to share, we would love to hear it! Please send your fishing updates to: odfw.info@odfw.oregon.gov . Updates by waterbody AGENCY LAKE (including Straits): Redband trout, yellow perch, brown trout The Oregon Health Authority has issued a precaution for harmful algae blooms in the Upper Klamath National Wildlife Refuge and Agency Lake. Follow this link to see the Oregon Health Authorities website showing harmful algae bloom advisories. Last updated 9/2/26. The Petric Park Boat Ramp is open with docks installed. There is abundant vegetation in the canal making progress challenging. The Henzel Park Boat Ramp docks are in. Angling is slow at the mouth of the Wood River as Redband Trout are moving back to the main lake and moving into the rivers to stage for spawning. The Caenis mayfly, black caddis, and midge hatches are the best I have ever observed on Agency Lake. Only a few yellow perch are currently at the mouth of Sevenmile Creek. The lake is approximately 3.5 feet below full pool. Redband Trout numbers are down due to record setting drought in 2020 through 2022, resulting in poor survival of juvenile redband trout and subsequent recruitment into the adult population. Closed to angling for salmon. Open year-round for Redband Trout. Agency Lake regulations are catch-and-release for redband/rainbow trout with no bait allowed (artificial flies and lures only). The boundary of Agency Lake is the south end of the Straits. This change is due to record low spawning escapement for trophy redband trout throughout the Klamath Basin in 2020 and even worse in 2026. ODFW also encourages the use of single barbless hooks in this fishery, not removing the fish from the water, and using catch-and-release rubber nets. Brown Trout are rare in the catch but there is no size or bag limit. Please report any redband trout captured with radio tags. These radio tags will look like fishing line coming from the lower abdomen area. These juvenile redband trout were tagged in spring of 2021. Last updated 9/2/26. ANA RESERVOIR: Rainbow trout This reservoir was stocked with 3,000 legal rainbow trout. Water levels in this reservoir are at full pool and all boats can be launched. There have not been any recent reports, but holdover trout are large. Bank fishing near the dam is productive as temperatures increase. Trolling lures can be effective. If you fish from ODFW property on the south side of the reservoir you will need a wildlife area parking permit. Please place the permit on your dash. Last updated 9/2/26. Read 12 tips for catching wipers in Ana Reservoir . ANA RIVER: Rainbow trout There have not been any recent fishing reports. Ana River is a great match-the-hatch fly-fishing river with good hatches throughout the year. Hatches typically occur during the afternoon from 12-3 p.m. Small blue-winged olive mayfly hatches are typically best on overcast days with light rain. You do need an ODFW wildlife area parking permit to park along the river. Place the permit on your dash. Flyfishing with beadheads under a bobber work as well as stripping minnow patterns in low light conditions. Tui chub are abundant in the river, therefore casting large flies or lures can be effective for catching larger fish. The river is currently running at 205cfs due to irrigation use. Patience is key when fishing this river. Seeing fish rising throughout the day is one thing, but to match the hatch and become efficient at fooling these wary trout is another. Keep at it and you never know when you will set the hook on a 25-inch trout! Bait fishing is allowed, and anglers can keep 5 trout per day. Last updated 8/25/26. Check water levels before you travel. ANNIE CREEK: Brook trout, brown trout, bull trout and redband trout Flows are at base flow and cold. Open year round with bait allowed. Annie Creek is typically always slow even in ideal conditions. This is due to low productivity and cold water. Annie Creek flows Most of the creek is dominated by small brook trout up to 10 inches. Brown trout are rare and redband trout are highly unlikely in the catch. Please report any bull trout or redband/rainbow trout caught in the creek to ODFW at (541) 891-4625. Access is available year-round off Hwy. 62 at the USFS snow park. Access is also available south of the Snow Park off Sun Pass State Forest. There is plenty of public property on USFS, State Forest and Crater Lake National Park. Fishing is regulated by the National Park (541) 594-3000 . Several waterfalls occur on the creek inside Crater Lake National Park offering exceptional views. Last updated 9/2/26. ANTELOPE RESERVOIR: Rainbow trout, largemouth bass The reservoir is now low, no recent reports but bass fishing should be productive. Last updated 7/28/26. BALM CREEK RESERVOIR: Rainbow trout Anglers have recently done well fishing for rainbow trout. Last updated 8/24/26. BECK KIWANIS POND, Ontario: Trout, bluegill, largemouth bass Bluegill and bass fishing should be good right now. No new reports. Last updated 7/28/26. BEULAH RESERVOIR: Redband trout, hatchery rainbow trout, whitefish, bull trout Beulah is around 30% full. There may still be some nice rainbows in the reservoir. Fishing in the upper end near the inlet using balance leaches can be productive in the summer for trout. Water temperatures are warm so targeting trout in the cooler water at the inlet will be your best bet. Largemouth bass have been illegally introduced and can be found throughout the reservoir. We encourage anglers to remove the bass that they capture to prevent depletion of the prey base. No new reports. Last updated 6/22/26. BLITZEN RIVER: Redband trout The Blitzen River is currently flowing around 30cfs, and water temperatures are in the 70's at the weir above Page Springs. If you are planning on catch and release angling, fishing early in the day when water temperatures are cool will help reduce post release mortality. No recent reports but fishing should be good. Last updated 7/28/26. BURNS POND: Trout , largemouth bass The pond was recently stocked with largemouth bass. Some anglers have reported catching nice sized bass recently. No new reports. Last updated 7/28/26. BULLY CREEK RESERVOIR: Bass, catfish, crappie, rainbow trout The reservoir is around 42% full and the boat ramp is usable. There are some nice bass out there and anglers have reported catching largemouth up to 7 lbs. If you are having trouble finding bass, try the rocky points on the upper end of the reservoir. Bass and crappie fishing should be great right now. No new reports. Last updated 7/28/26. CAMPBELL LAKE: Rainbow trout, brook trout There have not been any recent fishing reports. People have been catching some nice holdover trout as well as recent stockings of hatchery trout. The boat ramp and dock are in poor shape but usable. This is a great time of year to stay out of the heat and catch some fish. There should be plenty of large fish that are hungry. Bank fishing is also productive. Please report to the Lakeview office if you catch brook trout at (541) 947-2950. Last update 8/25/26. CAMPBELL RESERVOIR: Redband trout, largemouth bass, white and black crappie, bluegill The reservoir levels are dropping fast. Fishing will be good. The best bet will likely be for largemouth bass, mostly ranging from 10-14 inches. Please release the largemouth bass. Open all year with bait allowed. BLM, ODFW and USBR stocked a total of 431 crappies in April 2024 ranging in size from 8-14 inches. There is no boat ramp and limited public access. A small pontoon boat or kayak is best. You need a boat you can push off the trailer and reload into shallow water. Best fishing is along the willows and submerged vegetation line near the deeper water along the dam face. The reservoir is mostly shallow therefore casting a long distance might be necessary to reach fish if fishing from shore. A boat is highly recommended. The reservoir was dry in summer of 2022. All fish perished. BLM and ODFW stocked many size classes of largemouth bass and a few crappies in 2023. Catch-and-release is encouraged to allow for establishment of fish populations. There might also be a few redband trout around. Last updated 9/2/26. CHERRY CREEK: Brook trout and redband trout Open all year. Water temperature is ideal. Fishing should be fair. Mosquitoes are typically abundant this time of year but seem mild. Flows are perfect for fishing but crystal clear. Concentrate on the deep pools where turbulent water exists. Check Cherry Creek flows This creek is very small; well-suited to fly-fishing. Brook trout are more abundant higher in the system. A very big fish in the creek is 10 inches. The Cherry Creek trail parallels the creek and leads to many productive wilderness lakes. One of the best waterfalls in the basin is just off the trail. ODFW encourages unlimited harvest of brook trout. Recent sampling showed high densities of brook trout and redband trout lower on the creek near the snowmobile bridge below the primary irrigation diversion. The redband trout in this creek are some of the prettiest around. Last updated 9/2/26. CHEWAUCAN RIVER: Redband trout, largemouth bass, brown bullhead Although the river is very low for this time of year, redband trout are abundant. Fly fishing is a great method on this river, but lures can also be productive. Remember there is a lot of private property so be mindful of where you fish and ask permission. There are plenty of campgrounds available on the lower section of river. As water temperatures increase, please use good catch and release techniques to avoid killing Redband Trout. Last updated 8/25/26. CHICKAHOMINY RESERVOIR: Rainbow trout There are quality holdover trout available. Popular fly patterns include leeches, scuds, chironomids, and streamers. Anglers have reported success with spinners, Powerbait, and trolling as well. Many fish have a heavy parasite load this year. Infected fish are safe to consume, follow the dry protocol with fishing gear and boats. Water temperatures are warm and there is quite a bit of suspended algae right now. No recent reports on catch rates. Last updated 7/28/26. CORRAL CREEK (SF Sprague): Brook trout and brown trout Open year-round. Bait is allowed. Worms on small hooks will have great success. No limit on brook and brown trout. Best fishing near the confluence with SF Sprague River at the beaver pond complex. Catch is typically dominated by brook trout with brown trout making up about 5 percent of catch. Please release adipose clipped brook trout. There is also a campground near the creek. Last updated 9/2/26. COTTONWOOD MEADOW LAKE: Rainbow trout, brook trout Fishing will be slow until the temperature cools down this fall. The best way to catch these trout is trolling lures or flies early in the morning and late in the evening. Casting from a boat can also be productive but fishermen need to constantly move around the lake to find fish. There are large beds of vegetation throughout the lake that create an enormous amount of insect life. Try parking near the edge and cast in deeper pockets of water near vegetation to catch larger trout. Most fish caught are in the 10-14" range, but there are 22" rainbow trout in this lake. Bank fishing can be productive but steer clear of shallow water with abundant vegetation. Last update 8/25/26. CROOKED CREEK (Klamath Co): Redband trout, brook trout and brown trout Most of the creek is located on private property. There is public access above highway 62. Very few fish are in this reach. Small brook trout are in the spring fed areas. Catch and release only for rainbow trout and no bait allowed. There are few Redband Trout in Crooked Creek. Last updated 9/2/26. CRYSTAL CREEK: Redband trout and yellow perch Crystal Creek is now catch and release for Redband Trout with no bait allowed through the rest of the open fishing season until it closes on November 1. Crystal Creek is fair fishing for Redband Trout. Imitations that mimic minnows will work well. Closed to angling for salmon. Yellow perch angling should be excellent. The perch schools in Crystal Creek from Malone Springs to the mouth are outrageous. Most of these fish are small. Perch concentrate around the emergent and submergent vegetation edges. Please harvest as many perch as possible, they are excellent table fare in the good water quality of Crystal Creek. Last updated 9/2/26. DEADHORSE LAKE: Rainbow trout There have not been any recent fishing reports. People have been catching some nice holdover trout as well as recent stockings of hatchery trout. With the meager winter we have a lot of rainbow trout that are available. The boat ramp and dock are fair but be careful. Trolling on the far side of the lake is usually best and casting lures from a boat was epic in June. Bank fishing can be productive but keep moving until you find active feeding fish. Last updated 8/25/26. DEEP CREEK: Redband trout Flows are very low for this time of year, but fishing should be fair. Upper Deep Creek is small, so flyfishing is ideal. Casting nymphs or swinging flies will catch both redband and brook trout. Small lures are an option if the fisherman is crafty. As water temperatures increase, please use good catch and release techniques to avoid killing Redband Trout. Lower Deep Creek can be great fishing at this time of year. Hatches of mayflies and caddis flies can produce exciting dry fly options, but as always underwater presentations can produce more redband trout. Casting lures in the lower portions is much easier. Last updated 8/25/26. DELINTMENT LAKE: Rainbow trout There are plenty of holdover trout available in Delintment Lake this year. Some anglers have reported slower catch rates, the reservoir can be weedy, especially in shallow areas so fishing off the bottom can be less productive. The 41 road from Hines is currently closed due to wildfire. Please check road closures here before you go. Last updated 7/28/26. DOG LAKE: Crappie, yellow perch, largemouth bass, brown bullhead Perch fishing for 8"-12" sized fish is still good. Bass fishing has slowed down for the summer. Crappie and bluegill can be caught if you know where to find them. Fishing from a boat is the best option on this lake as vegetation reduces available casting locations from the bank. Bait fishing with worms under a bobber or casting various crappie plastic baits will catch plenty of fish. The best fishing time of day in summer is early morning and evening when the water is cooler. Last updated 8/25/26. FISH LAKE (Steens Mountain): Rainbow trout, brook trout The Steens Loop Road is closed to Fish Lake. contact the Burns BLM office for a winter recreation permit and access to the lake throughout the winter. The lake was stocked with trophy and legal sized rainbow trout in 2026. Many of the fish have a heavy parasite load this year but can still be consumed. No new reports. Last Updated 5/6/26. FORT CREEK: Brown trout, redband trout, brook trout, bull trout Fort Creek is an 80cfs clear, cold spring creek. Fishing is always slow on the public section of Fort Creek. There are a few small brook trout and brown trout near the headwaters. Golden stoneflies and salmon flies are still hatching at the headwaters. Most of the creek is on private land. Last updated 9/2/26. FOURMILE CREEK (CANAL) (tributary to Agency Lake): Brook trout, brown trout, redband trout, yellow perch Yellow perch angling should be excellent. Fourmile Creek and Canal are catch and release only with no bait allowed for redband trout through October 31. Closed to angling for salmon. Fourmile Creek is open year-round. You can park off the Westside Road at the headwater springs at Fourmile Springs and launch kayaks or small boats. Fishing is slow for brook trout. There is no limit on Brook Trout or Brown Trout. Last updated 9/2/26. Check Fourmile Canal Flow FOURMILE LAKE: Hatchery rainbow trout, lake trout, kokanee, brook trout The northwest side of the lake is best for Brook Trout and within the flooded timber area. The lake is currently 7 percent full. There is not an improved boat ramp or dock on site. You will need to back your boat down the beach. Most boats will be very difficult to launch. Check Fourmile Lake Levels Please report any kokanee caught from the lake. You can also call Lake of the Woods Resort for updates. Last updated 9/2/26. GERBER RESERVOIR: White and black crappie, yellow perch, brown bullhead, largemouth bass Crappie fishing has slowed as most fish have moved out into the reservoir and are suspended. Fishing should improve for brown bullhead using bait on the bottom. There are some very nice yellow perch in the reservoir. Yellow perch fishing should improve. Largemouth bass are rare in the catch. The reservoir is 35 percent full. Call the Klamath Falls BLM office for updated information. There are campgrounds, a fish cleaning station, and two nice boat ramps with docks. Check Gerber Reservoir water levels Gerber Reservoir is a large turbid reservoir with good bank access. Most of the reservoir is on BLM property. Open all year. Last updated 9/2/26. HAINES POND: Rainbow trout Haines pond did rise and was stocked in late April with rainbows. The water level has not been checked recently and is likely lower again, with most of the stocked fish harvested. No new reports. Last updated 7/15/26. HEART LAKE: Rainbow trout Fishing has been slow recently. The boat ramp is still horrendous, but small trailers can still be launched if you're careful. Trolling is a great way to reach these hungry fish. Bait fishing from the bank is also a proven method to catch these trout. Try walking around the lake to catch unpressured fish. Last updated 8/25/26. HOLBROOK RESERVOIR: Rainbow trout This reservoir is getting lower and fish are lethargic as warmer water persists. Excessive vegetation is growing, but fishing should be good in open pockets. Trolling from a boat and casting bait and lures from the bank are good options. The most popular bank fishing site is along the dam but try other places around the lake to catch unpressured fish. Last updated 8/25/26. Juniper Lake (east of Steens Mtn): Rainbow trout Juniper Lake was stocked in 2024 with fingerling rainbow trout. These fingerlings grew rapidly and were up to 14 inches in May 2025. No recent reports. Last Updated 7/28/26 . UPPER KLAMATH LAKE: Native redband trout, yellow perch, kokanee, pumpkinseed, brown bullhead, tui chub and blue chub Yellow perch angling should be excellent in Pelican Bay and near the tributaries Recreation and Harriman Creeks. Small marabou jigs in white or yellow work well. Fish these jigs together to catch two perch at a time. ODFW encourages unlimited harvest of yellow perch. Catch and release for Redband (Rainbow) Trout will be required through October 31 with no bait allowed. This includes Pelican Bay and tributaries Crystal Creek, Recreation Creek, Harriman Creek, Odessa Creek, Short Creek, Pelican Bay, Fourmile Creek, Thomason Creek, Fourmile Canal, Barkley Springs outlet downstream of highway 97 and mouth of Williamson River. This change is due to record low spawning numbers. Redband Trout have been tagged with acoustic tags from Link River Dam to Shoalwater Bay boat ramp. Please release these tagged Redband Trout. They will have a scar on their belly. This study will help improve the understanding of how Redband Trout move and use Upper Klamath Lake and tributaries. Closed to angling for salmon. The lake is open to fishing all year. Fishing is very slow on the main lake. Most Redband Trout have moved to water quality refuge. Lures or flies that mimic minnows, sculpins, leeches or midges work best. Fat head minnows and age one blue chub are abundant in schools in the shallows. Please remember that nets or minnow traps of any type cannot be used to catch any species of fish. This includes minnows to use for bait. See page 20 of the Sport Fishing Regulations for legal harvest methods for minnows and chubs. ODFW requires catch-and-release on this fishery due to record low spawning numbers in 2020 and 2026, very low numbers in 2019 and 2025 and the record setting drought from 2020 through 2022 which reduced survival. Redband numbers in the Williamson were also very poor the past two years. Please fight your fish quickly and then release your fish immediately without removing it from the water. Releasing fish is easier with single, barbless hooks. Using a very good rubber net also reduces the likelihood of removing valuable scales and slime. The lake is 4.2 feet below full pool and 37 percent full. Check Klamath Lake Levels Please remember that once you retain your one redband/rainbow trout limit you must stop fishing for redband/rainbow trout. Also, all radio tagged redband trout must be released unharmed. Redband trout will have what looks to be fishing line coming from the abdomen. Last updated 9/2/26. KLAMATH RIVER: Native redband trout, rainbow trout Keno Dam Downstream to Highway 66 This section of the river is closed until October 1. Closed to fishing for salmon. No bait allowed. Only one redband-rainbow between 12-15 inches can be kept per day. Once you retain your limit of Redband-Rainbow you must cease fishing for this species. Last updated 8/11/26. Hwy 66 Bridge downstream to Moonshine Falls Raft Launch Flows are little high at around 875cfs. Closed to salmon fishing. No bait allowed. Open all year. Flows are fair for fishing. This section of river is open year-round. Fishing is not recommended in this section due to difficult access. Regulations changed Jan. 1, 2024, to a bag limit of one redband rainbow trout per day in the 12- to 15-inch size class. This is to protect large redband trout spawners, chinook, coho and steelhead smolts and Chinook salmon, coho salmon and steelhead adults. Last updated 9/2/26. Moonshine Falls Raft Launch to State Line with California Closed to salmon fishing. No bait fishing. Open all year for trout fishing. Flows are a little high at around 1100cfs. Flows will be coming down by 200cfs in days to come. Concentrate your efforts around the back eddies and foam lines. Not much is hatching now but dragonflies and damselflies are still flying around. When using dry flies this time of year make sure you impart some movement to the pattern. Bouncing the dry flies like a caddis fly can work well especially near the shore. Patterns and lures that mimic crayfish, golden stonefly nymphs and adults, salmonfly nymphs and adults, small mayflies, caddisflies larva and adults, and leeches should work well. Panther Martin spinners can work well down there. Recent electrofishing upstream showed extreme density of leeches and an excellent population of scuds. These Redband-Rainbow are fish eaters as well therefore try patterns or lures that mimic forage fish. There are good caddisfly hatches ongoing. Most rainbow redband trout are running 10 to 12 inches. All gates to access the river are open now. Access to the Klamath River is also available from the Topsy Grade Road or traveling through Dorris as well. Topsy Grade Road can have large potholes. Check Klamath River Levels . Last updated 9/2/ 26. KRUMBO RESERVOIR: Trout, bass The reservoir was stocked this spring with 13,000 legal rainbow trout. Flies, lures, and bait are all effective ways to catch trout in Krumbo. Recent samplings showed there are some nice bass in Krumbo right now. Bass can be found throughout the reservoir. The edges of cattails, and deep rocky ledges will hold the most bass throughout the summer. Many trout have a heavy parasite load this year. Infected fish are safe to consume, follow the dry protocol with fishing gear and boats. Last updated 7/28/26. LAKE EWAUNA-KLAMATH RIVER (Above Keno Dam to Link River): Redband trout, largemouth bass, Sacramento perch, yellow perch, crappie, brown bullhead, goldfish, tui and blue chub Closed to salmon fishing. Fishing is possible for warmwater species but very slow. Limited sampling with a drift boat electro fisher in late March 2025 found three age classes (4-12 inches) of largemouth bass around the eastern shore near the Miller Island Boat ramp. This was surprising and if representative of the river, there should be good numbers of bass. Two nice largemouth bass were caught from the dock at the boat ramp at Veterans Park in spring 2025. Last year's very poor water quality and dissolved oxygen might have killed many of the warmwater fish rearing in this area. Largemouth were found at large wood and the dock along the shoreline. Yellow perch and pumpkinseed were also captured. This is a very large area, and anglers might be able to find largemouth bass and yellow perch. Look for areas of water return from wetlands or pumps. The area near Lake Ewauna and below the Tule Smoke Hunt Club (Rat Club) are places to focus. The side channel area near the island below Hwy 140 bridge might also be worth some effort. Water temperatures continue to be good for bass fishing. Last updated 9/2 /26. LAKE OF THE WOODS: Yellow perch, largemouth bass, smallmouth bass, brown bullhead catfish, crappie, kokanee, brown trout, hatchery rainbow trout, brook trout, tui chub Lake of the Woods was stocked with trophy and legal rainbow trout two months ago. For recent fishing updates call the Lake of the Woods resort at 1-866-201-4194 (option 4). The remaining rainbow trout will mostly be holding in deeper, colder water about 15 feet in depth. The lake is dominated by stunted yellow perch. Very small bait and hooks will catch these fish. Fishing will be good for yellow perch. They will be schooling. Largemouth and smallmouth bass fishing is fair. Best fishing for largemouth is along the lily pads on the northeast side of the lake. Please handle and release largemouth bass carefully. Check out Lake of the Woods Website . Once on the website scroll down and click on the right-side video link for a live video of current conditions on the lake at the Lodge. Last updated 9/2/26. LINK RIVER: Redband, rainbow trout Closed to fishing for salmon. Check Link River Flows . Most Redband Trout have moved out of the Link River to better water quality areas. Redband Trout are typically absent from the river by June 15 and return in late September. ODFW also encourages the use of single barbless hooks in this fishery, not removing fish from the water and catch-and-release rubber nets. Open year round with catch-and-release only for redband trout. No bait allowed. No angling allowed 200 feet above and 200 feet below Link River Dam. Last updated 9/2/26. LOFTON RESERVOIR: Rainbow trout There have not been any recent fishing reports, but catching is probably slow with warm water temperatures. Trolling with lures and flies are good ways to catch rainbow trout as is drowning bait from the bank. There should also be plenty of holdover rainbow trout from 2025 stockings. There is a fishing pear with wheelchair access on the West end of the reservoir. Plenty of camping options at this lake. Last updated 8/25/26. LONG CREEK: Brook trout, redband trout, bull trout Open to fishing all year. Best fishing will be just above the Nature Conservancy boundary with Green Diamond. The canyon section has more Redband Trout and the meadow areas with beaver dams higher up in the watershed transition to 100% brook trout. Dry fly fishing with grasshopper patterns should be good in the meadow areas. Last updated 9/2/26. LOST RIVER: Largemouth bass, yellow perch, brown bullhead, tui and blue chub Water quality is fair. Fishing for Brown Bullhead is your best bet, but fishing is slow. Another option is to look for yellow perch schools. Lost River is open year-round with bait allowed. Good access points are at Big Springs Park in Bonanza and at Crystal Springs bridge and boat ramp. The bridge is designed to fish from. Fishing for yellow perch is your best bet. A few crappie are showing up in the catch as well. Fishing for largemouth bass should be slow around the Big Springs Park area. Last updated 9/2/26. MALHEUR RESERVOIR: Rainbow trout Sampling last fall showed there are some very nice trout in Malheur Reservoir right now and fishing was productive early this summer. No recent reports on catch rates. Last updated 7/28/26. MALHEUR RIVER: Rainbow trout Below Warmsprings Reservoir Irrigation flows from the dam are now underway and the water is a bit murky. Fishing has been good this spring in and around the Riverside Wildlife Area. Nymphs and streamers are consistent producers throughout the irrigation season with higher murky water. No new reports. Last updated 7/30/26. The area is currently closed due to the Coleman Creek Fire. Check area closures here before you go. Above Warmsprings Reservoir Fishing for wild Redband and Brook Trout on Malheur National Forest should be great right now. Flows are low and clear. Last updated 7/28/26. Check for fire closures here . MANN LAKE: Rainbow trout, cutthroat Mann Lake was stocked with fingerling Lahontan Cutthroat in October. These fish were around three inches long but will likely grow fast and provide a good fishery in coming years. If you are in the Mann Lake area, give Juniper Lake a try, there will be some nice holdover Rainbows available. Last Updated 7/28/26. MILLER LAKE: Brown, rainbow, brook trout and kokanee The lake was stocked with Trophy and Legal Rainbow Trout. Best fishing is from a boat and trolling with downriggers for big Brown Trout, which typically feed on small kokanee this time of year. The best area for fly fishing for smaller brown trout is the southeast end where there is some aquatic macrophyte growth. Fishing can be ok from shore all along the campground section for rainbow trout. Miller Creek has abundant small Brook Trout with an occasional Brown Trout or Rainbow Trout. Bait is allowed in Miller Lake and Miller Creek. Call the USFS in Chiloquin for more information, (541) 783-4001. Last updated 9/2/26 . MOON RESERVOIR: Rainbow trout, largemouth bass Bass fishing has been great at Moon this summer. We anticipate this reservoir will reach deadpool this summer so get out and take advantage of some great fishing before it's gone. Last updated 7/28/26. OWYHEE RESERVOIR: Largemouth bass, smallmouth bass, black crappie, channel catfish Owyhee Reservoir is around 34% full, Leslie Gulch boat ramp is now high and dry. No reports on bass catch rates but there are some nice smallmouth and largemouth in the reservoir right now. Black Crappie are abundant, but most are quite small and range from 8-10 inches. Crappie can be found throughout the reservoir. Channel catfish are abundant in the reservoir, the best places to target catfish are relatively shallow flats throughout the reservoir. The best catfishing can be found in the Leslie Gulch area. Last updated 7/28/26. OWYHEE RIVER (Lower): brown trout, hatchery rainbow trout Flows from the dam are around 116cfs. Anglers can check flows here. No recent reports on hatches. ODFW is using a tagging study to evaluate trout distribution and movement in the Owyhee tailwater this year. If you catch a tagged fish, please report it here . Tags can be left in the fish, just record the four or five-digit number and report the river reach where you caught the fish. Last updated 7/28/26. PHILLIPS RESERVOIR: Rainbow trout, yellow perch, smallmouth and largemouth bass Anglers have reported good catch rates fishing for tiger muskie from the shore using jerk baits or similar lures. Throughout the year, anglers have done well for perch, tiger muskies, and bass. Many of the tiger muskie from the stocking in 2024 should now exceed 30" in length. Many large smallmouth and largemouth bass have been caught this year. Fishing was good about a month ago, but water levels have dropped significantly since. Phillips Reservoir is under an advisory for harmful blue green algae. Follow this link to see the Oregon Health Authorities website showing harmful algae bloom advisories. Follow this link to see the Bureau of Reclamation website listing current reservoir levels. Last updated 9/2/26. PILCHER AND WOLF CREEK RESERVOIRS: Trout, crappie Both reservoirs are very low. Wolf Creek is extremely low making the launch unusable for trailered boats. You can still launch at the lower launch at Pilcher when last checked. There are temporary rules in place for both reservoirs through Sept 30. You can see them here . Last updated 9/3/26. POISON CREEK RESERVOIR (Grant County) : Rainbow trout Poison Creek Reservoir was stocked this week with 700 legal sized rainbows. Legal trout stocked last spring are now 16-18". There are some larger holdover fish available. Last updated 7/28/26. POLE CREEK RESERVOIR: Rainbow trout, crappie Recent samplings showed the reservoir is loaded with small crappie which is limiting trout growth. Despite the crappie, there are a few nice holdover rainbow trout available up to 17 inches and some Lahontan cutthroat that were stocked last year in the 16-inch range. Last updated 7/28/26. POWDER RIVER: Rainbow trout, bass, catfish No recent reports. Last updated 7/30/26. ROUND VALLEY RESERVOIR: LARGEMOUTH BASS BLM and ODFW stocked 140 largemouth bass last year ranging from 6 to 14 inches. The lake had a lot of water. There is little structure on the lake. The lake can be turbid. Small boats can be launched by hand. Please release the largemouth bass so they can populate the reservoir. SEVENMILE CREEK (CANAL): Brook trout, brown trout, redband trout, yellow perch Closed to angling for salmon. Open all year. Catch-and-release for redband/rainbow trout with no bait allowed from Agency Lake to Nicholson Road. Brook Trout fishing above Nicholson Road can be good in the some of the deeper beaver pond areas. Bait is allowed for Brook Trout above Nicholson Road. Flows are low above Nicholson Road. The mouth of Sevenmile Creek at Agency Lake is slow for yellow perch. You can access this area by hiking two miles down the BLM Wood River Wetland Trail. Last updated 9/2/26. Check Sevenmile Creek Flows SID LUCE RESERVOIR: Rainbow Trout This reservoir is still fairly high. A high clearance vehicle is needed to get to this part of the desert. There should be plenty of holdover trout that can be caught. A small watercraft that can be put in the back of a truck bed is ideal. Trolling flies and lures are a proven tactic as is casting to rising trout when the winds die down. Casting bait can be productive, but sometimes the crayfish can be problematic. Last updated 8/25/26. SKY LAKES AND MOUNTAIN LAKE WILDERNESS: Brook trout and rainbow trout (Cranebow triploids) The lakes were stocked in early July 2025 with small rainbow trout fry. Fishing should be excellent in most areas. Mosquitoes have been very mild this year. Best lakes to catch fish are Clover, Como, Harriette, Echo, Weston and South Pass in the Mountain Lakes Wilderness. Sonya, Margurette and Isherwood are the best in the Sky Lakes Wilderness. Best lakes for brook trout are Badger Lake (Sky Lakes Wilderness), which is a short hike from Fourmile Lake, and Clover Lake (Mountain Lakes Wilderness). Please report any Brook Trout caught in other lakes. Badger and Woodpecker Lakes are accessible from Fourmile Lake. Best lures are typically dark Panther Martin spinners. Casting a long distance can sometimes be required to reach fish. A bubble and fly technique can work very well. The biggest trout occurs in the bigger and deeper lakes of Harriette, Isherwood, Margurette, Sonya and Wizard Lakes. Please report Brook Trout captured in Elizabeth, Little Heavenly, Big Heavenly or Isherwood Lakes. Last updated 9/2/26 . SPENCER CREEK: Redband trout and brook trout Instream flow is increasing. Fishing is slow for small redband trout from 6-10 inches. Using small dry flies can be productive, especially below the hookup road bridge and near the USFS campground. There is no bag or size limit on Brook Trout. Spencer Creek is always closed for fishing for salmon. Spencer Creek will be closed at the end of September to protect spawning salmon. Last updated 9/2/26. Spencer Creek Flow . SPRAGUE RIVER: Redband trout, brown trout, largemouth bass, brown bullhead, yellow perch, and pumpkinseed The river is always closed to salmon and sucker angling. Fishing for Redband Trout has been slow. Redband Trout have moved to cold water refuge. There are also multiple locations where you can launch a drift boat or smaller boat. Redband Trout are starting to spread out with more favorable water quality conditions. Last updated 9/2/26. NORTH FORK SPRAGUE RIVER AND ALL TRIBUTARIES : Redband trout, brook trout, brown trout, bull trout Large stoneflies are hatching. This will create great dry fly opportunities above the first 3411 road bridge. Water temperatures will be ideal. Closed to angling for salmon. Open year-round. Fishing near Sandhill crossing is likely slow. Best Redband Trout fishing is upstream of the lowermost 3411 road bridge. Large brown trout have been found in the river. Best Brown Trout fishing is downstream of Boulder Creek to the private property boundary below the 3411 Road Bridge. Last updated 9/2/26. Check NF Sprague River flows SOUTH FORK SPRAGUE RIVER AND ALL TRIBUTARIES: Brook trout, redband trout, brown trout Open year-round. Fishing will be fair for brook trout up high. Fishing will be best near Corral and Camp Creeks for brook trout. Best Redband Trout fishing will be in the canyon above Whitworth Creek or below Blaisdell. Flows are very low. Last updated 8/18/26. Check SF Sprague River Flows . SPRING CREEK: Redband trout, brook trout and brown trout Closed to angling for salmon. No bait allowed. Fishing is always slow on Spring Creek as water temperatures are very cold with limited food supplies. Last update 9/2/26. SUN CREEK: Brook trout, bull trout, brown trout, redband trout Fishing is not recommended. No bait allowed. Last updated 8/18/26. SYCAN RIVER: Brook, redband and brown trout (below marsh) Flows are low. Closed to angling for salmon. Open year-round. No bait allowed. Fishing above the marsh would normally be the best. Redband trout fishing is best below Pikes Crossing. Brook trout fishing is best above Rock Creek campground at the deep beaver pond areas. Look at google earth to pick out these areas. Brook Trout fishing is excellent. Fishing is slow below the marsh as the Redband trout population has declined. Last updated 9/2/26. Check Sycan River Flows . THIEF VALLEY RESERVOIR: Trout Thief Valley Reservoir is dry. Temporary rules are in place through Sep. 30. Follow this link to view rules. Thief Valley Reservoir is under an advisory for harmful blue green algae. Follow this link to see the Oregon Health Authorities website showing harmful algae bloom advisories. Follow this link to see the Bureau of Reclamation website listing current reservoir levels. Last updated 9/2/26. UNITY RESERVOIR: Trout, smallmouth bass, crappie Unity Reservoir has been drawn down completely. There is a remnant pool of water, however boat ramp is above the current water level. We have not received any recent reports on fishing conditions. Unity Reservoir is under an advisory for harmful blue green algae. Follow this link to see the Oregon Health Authorities website showing harmful algae bloom advisories. Follow this link to see the Bureau of Reclamation website listing current reservoir levels. Last updated 9/3/26. WARM SPRINGS RESERVOIR: Smallmouth bass, crappie, bullhead, perch, rainbow trout The reservoir is currently around 20% full. Boat ramps are now high and dry so launch at your own risk. Bass fishing has been good. There is a fire closure in effect surrounding the reservoir, check area closures here before you go. Last updated 7/28/26. UPPER WILLIAMSON RIVER: Redband trout, brook trout The Hexagenia limbata hatch should still be ongoing yet more difficult to predict. This is the largest mayfly in Oregon and emerges at around 9 pm. Large dry flies can work well during the hatch. The hatch seems to be best on very hot days. Grasshoppers are very sparse this year. Mahogany dun mayflies should be hatching. The river is open year-round from the Kirk Road Bridge upstream to the Williamson River headwaters for catch and release only for Redband Trout with no bait allowed. There is no size or bag limit on Brook Trout. Conditions are good for fishing. Fishing is fair for Redband Trout and Brook Trout. Small leech patterns and wooly buggers are doing well. Last updated 9/2/26. Check Upper Williamson River Flows . VEE LAKE: Rainbow Trout This lake is about half full and fishing should be fair early in the morning and evening as temperatures start to decrease. There should be plenty of holdover trout that are in the 12-16" size range this year. A small watercraft would be ideal, but you can get creative bank fishing or wet wading and catch trout. There can be excellent hatches of mayflies and other insects on this lake at the edge of the forest and desert. Last updated 8/25/26. LOWER WILLIAMSON RIVER (Mouth with Klamath Lake to Kirk Road Bridge): Redband trout, brown trout, yellow perch Yellow perch angling below Modoc Point Road should be excellent. ODFW encourages harvest of all yellow perch caught. Best yellow perch fishing is near deep water off the submergent vegetation below Modoc Point Bridge. Yellow perch are excellent to eat. Small yellow and white marabou jigs fished in tandem can work well. Fishing is fair for small Redband Trout less than 20 inches with an occasional double digit Redband. The Williamson is experiencing the worst spawning escapement on record. Most anglers fly-fish the river using clear intermediate fly lines with light fluorocarbon leaders. Currently, the large Hex mayflies are hatching at dusk. Dry fly fishing can be excellent during the hatch. There are a lot of tui and blue chub in the river below highway 97 to the mouth. Using imitations that match minnows will work well. The river is single point hook only, no bait, and catch and release for redband trout. Please do not remove your Redband Trout from the water, use rubber nets and barbless hooks. There is no limit on Brown Trout. The river is always closed to salmon angling. Last updated 9/2/26. WILLOW VALLEY RESERVOIR: Largemouth bass, crappie, yellow perch, bluegill, pumpkinseed sunfish, Sacramento perch Willow Valley was sampled with a boat electro fisher in June. There were good numbers of largemouth bass of many size classes. Bluegill and pumpkinseed sunfish were also common. Yellow perch dominated the catch but were not in high densities. Crappie were also captured. The reservoir has multiple shallow weed beds currently with higher lake levels. Hexagenia mayflies were observed hatching in the Antelope Creek arm as well as many small Caenis mayflies. The reservoir is very productive currently. A total of 302 largemouth bass up to 3 pounds were stocked in Willow Valley Reservoir from Davis Lake in mid-May. Fishing for largemouth bass should be excellent. If you have a boat, try the Antelope Creek arm or the face of the dam along the shallows. ODFW and BLM have restocked the reservoir with small numbers of largemouth bass, crappie, and hundreds of pumpkinseed sunfish in 2023. This fishery seems to be slow due to turbid conditions. Willow Valley is a very turbid, desert like reservoir. The boat ramp is in good condition but there's no dock and launching might be difficult. The reservoir has lots of water. Bass and crappie can be found at the habitat structures placed by BLM and ODFW in the past. Yellow perch are prolific in the reservoir but stunted. Fishing for yellow perch is your best bet. Please harvest the yellow perch to increase largemouth bass and crappie abundance. Last updated 9/2/26. WOOD RIVER (including Petric Canal): Redband, brown, brook and bull trout The Wood River has been good for Brown Trout. Dry fly-fishing using hopper patterns is slow due to low hopper numbers especially from Fort Klamath to Weed Road. Use minnow imitations like spoons or crank baits for Brown Trout. The best section will likely be from Weed Road to the BLM wetland. Brown Trout feed on a variety of food sources in this section but most food is near the bottom. Diet samples have shown sculpin, earthworms, salmonflies, leeches, sucker eggs, frogs, crayfish and caddisflies. Most Brown Trout caught in this section range from 14 to 20 inches. Grasshoppers are around which can result in good fly fishing with hopper patterns. The section from Weed Road to Petric is best fished from a boat, but you can walk in from the BLM wetland and cast from shore. No bait is allowed with catch and release for Redband Trout. You are allowed to harvest two brown trout. Drift boats can be launched at Weed Road or Petric Boat Ramp. You will need low profile boats above Weed Road and small enough boats to portage around bridges and dams. Kayaks can also be launched at the BLM Wetland parking area into Petric Canal. Last updated 9/2/26. YELLOWJACKET RESERVOIR: Trout The new fishing dock is now installed. Fishing has been good for 14–16-inch holdover trout and the occasional larger fish using a variety of methods. Flies and lures will be most productive in weedy areas. Last updated 7/28/26. Regulation Updates Please see the regulation update page .