Fishing Report - Willamette Zone | Oregon Department of Fish & Wildlife Recreation Report Willamette Zone Recreation Report Regulation Updates Table of Contents Table of Contents Get the Willamette Zone Fishing Report in your inbox Subscribe Recreation Report Rainbow line-up at Detroit. Photo by Tim Brooks Willamette Fishing September 3, 2026 Best bets for weekend fishing: Two-rod validation has been extended through Dec. 31 upstream of Willamette Falls. ODFW stocked Blue Lake, St. Louis Ponds, Adair Pond, and Bond Butte Pond in July with channel catfish. These fish, sourced from an approved facility, averaged approximately one pound each and are expected to provide excellent summertime fishing opportunities in these valley ponds. Try warmwater fishing for smallmouth bass and yellow perch near underwater structures and drop-offs in Foster Reservoir. Fishing for walleye and smallmouth bass on the Willamette River between Salem and Corvallis can be very fun and exciting. Trout stocking Drought conditions are impacting Oregon waterways. The Trout Stocking Schedule is subject to change. Check the field notes below or contact the local ODFW office for questions about a specific area. Aug 31-Sept 11: Alton Baker Canal, McKenzie River 1 and 2 (Above and below Leaburg Dam). Check out the trout stocking schedule. Trout stocking maps Check out the ODFW fishing and trout stocking maps to find nearby fishing locations (including high mountain lakes), driving directions and descriptions of amenities. Announcements An invasive Chinese mitten crab was captured in the Willamette near Portland. Read the news release here . It is important to correctly identify this species and report it to 1-866-INVADER or report it online via the Oregon Invasive Species reporting hotline form. Photographs can be submitted through the hotline, and people are encouraged to do so as crab identification can be difficult, and native crabs have been misidentified as invasive. Dexter Pond road closure No public access into the Dexter Ponds Hatchery at least through Summer 2026 due to construction. Please call the USACE Park Ranger Office (541) 942-5631 with questions. Sign up for the latest information on boater access Marine Board's Opportunities and Access Report incorporates information from federal and state agencies, local facility operators and fellow boaters to provide up-to-date information so boaters can decide where to recreate and what to expect this season. Subscribe to receive email updates . Updates by waterbody ALTON BAKER CANOE CANAL (ABCC): Trout Will be stocked every week in August and September with 900 hatchery rainbow trout. The canoe canal is open to fishing all year and is located within Alton Baker Park. A 4-acre pond at the midpoint of the canal is a good spot to fish in, and behind the old Kowloon Restaurant. The canal can be fished all along its two-mile length from Day Island Road in Eugene to Aspen Street in Springfield. Last updated 9/1/26. BLUE RIVER: Trout Last stocked in June with 600 hatchery rainbow trout. Blue River is located east of Eugene near the town of Blue River, north of Hwy. 126 and is open to year-round fishing. Last updated 9/1/26. BLUE RIVER RESERVOIR: Trout, warmwater species Last stocked in June with 1,000 hatchery rainbow trout. The USFS has hired a concessionaire company to maintain the boat ramps and parking areas, and they are charging $9 to park at the Saddle Dam or Lookout Campground/boat launch parking area. For details people can call the USFS McKenzie Ranger District (541) 822-3381. Blue River Reservoir is located east of Eugene near the town of Blue River, north of Hwy. 126 and is open to year-round fishing. Last updated 9/1 /26. BREITENBUSH RIVER: Trout This river feeds into Detroit Reservoir and offers several campgrounds along its steep, narrow course. It was stocked for the last time in mid-August with 900 hatchery trout. Flies or other light tackle work best, but bait is allowed. Anglers are allowed to keep 5 trout per day. Last updated 8/25/26. CARMEN RESERVOIR: Trout Last stocked the week of July 13 with 600 hatchery rainbow trout. No limit on size or number of brook trout harvested in Carmen Reservoir. The reservoir is accessed via USFS Road 750 off Hwy. 126, about two miles south of Clear Lake. It is open to fishing all year. Use of bait is allowed. Motored boats are prohibited on this reservoir. After nine years of closure, Carmen-Smith recreation sites on the Upper McKenzie River reopened to the public on May 1, offering hikers, and day visitors access to newly renovated facilities. Anyone with questions about visiting these recreation sites should inquire online at https://www.fs.usda.gov/r06/willamette/recreation or by contacting the McKenzie River Ranger Station at (541) 822-3381 . Last updated 9/1/26. CLACKAMAS RIVER: Summer steelhead, spring Chinook, trout There are still occasional spring Chinook and summer steelhead being caught in the Clackamas River. Coho fishing should start to pick up in September in the lower Clackamas River. To report poaching or other violations: Call *OSP or *677 (*OSP on keypad). You also can call (800) 452-7888 or email TIP@osp.oregon.gov between the hours of 8-5, Monday-Friday. Take photos if it is safe to do so. USGS hydrological data readings from the Estacada gauge near Milo McIver State Park . Hydrologic data and river forecasts can also be accessed on the NOAA/National Weather Service NW River Forecast Center -- NW River Forecast Center . Last updated 8/26/26. CLEAR LAKE: Trout Stocked for the last time this season August 17 with 3,000 hatchery rainbow trout. Clear Lake is accessed from Hwy. 126 approximately 70 miles east of Springfield. Linn County's Clear Lake Resort rents cabins and boats. Last updated 9/1/26. COAST FORK WILLAMETTE RIVER: Chinook, summer steelhead, trout Was last stocked the week of July 27 with 800 hatchery rainbow trout. The river is open to fishing all year for trout, hatchery Chinook salmon, hatchery steelhead and wild steelhead over 24 inches. Use of bait is allowed April 22 – Oct. 31 but beginning Nov. 1 anglers may only use lures and artificial flies. In addition to five hatchery trout, two wild trout may be kept daily. Last updated 9/1/26. COTTAGE GROVE POND: See Row River Nature Park Pond COTTAGE GROVE RESERVOIR: Trout, spotted bass, largemouth bass, crappie, yellow perch, bluegill Last stocked in April, with 3,750 hatchery rainbow trout. Cottage Grove Reservoir is south of Cottage Grove and is open to fishing all year. Updated 9/1/26. DETROIT RESERVOIR: Trout The reservoir gets stocked with trout during the late spring and summer. As a reminder, anglers are allowed to keep up to five trout, with an additional ten kokanee. It was last stocked with 6,900 trophy trout. Mongold State Park boat ramp is still available. All other boat ramps are no longer in the water. After Labor Day weekend, the crowds will thin out, but the fish are still biting. Pretty much any technique will catch fish, but it might take some experimenting to find out what is most effective on the day you're out there. It's always a good idea to check the water levels at the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers website before using the boat ramps. For the latest information on water levels at Detroit Reservoir check with the Army Corps of Engineers' website for more information . Last updated 8/31/26. DEXTER RESERVOIR: Trout, largemouth bass, smallmouth bass Last stocked in April with 3,000 hatchery rainbow trout. Dexter Reservoir near Lowell is visible from Hwy 58. Boat and bank access is available through state and county parks. Parking and bank access are also available from the causeway near Lowell. Last updated 9/1/26. DORENA RESERVOIR: Trout, largemouth bass, smallmouth bass, yellow perch, crappie, bluegill Last stocked in April with 5,500 hatchery rainbow trout. Surface water temperatures are high so fishing deeper waters of the lake will be more productive for trout. Dorena Reservoir is east of Cottage Grove on Row River Road and is open to fishing all year. Baker Bay Park (Lane County) is open seasonally from April – October. The park has a boat ramp, ADA restrooms, showers, picnic and camp spots. Last update 9/1/26. FALL CREEK: Trout Last stocked in June with 1,200 hatchery rainbow trout. Fall Creek is open all year for trout. Bait is allowed from April 22 through Oct. 31; however, beginning Nov. 1, anglers may only use lures and artificial flies. Five hatchery trout and an additional two wild trout may be harvested daily in the river. Fishing for salmon upstream of Fall Creek Dam is prohibited. Below Fall Creek Dam the creek is open all year for hatchery Chinook, hatchery steelhead and wild steelhead greater than 24 inches. Last updated 9/1/26. FALL CREEK RESERVOIR: Trout Last stocked in April, with 3,750 hatchery rainbow trout. Water elevation as of August 4 is at 810 ft and both North Shore (729 ft) and Winberry (803ft) boat ramps should be accessible. Cascara (815ft) boat ramp is not accessible. Last updated 9/1/26. FARADAY LAKE: Trout Faraday Lake is now closed while PGE updates its powerhouse at Rivermill Dam. For more information, visit PGE's Parks and Recreation webpage . FERN RIDGE RESERVOIR: Largemouth bass, crappie, bluegill, brown bullhead This 9,000-acre lake just 12 miles west of Eugene is the Willamette Basin's largest waterbody. Orchard Park, Richardson Park, and Perkins Peninsula boat ramps are all open. For information regarding the lake and available boat ramps, contact the Lane County Parks Department at (541) 682-2000 . Midsummer the fish become less active during the day, but fishing can still be good late in the evening or early in the morning. Look for crappie along the weedy edges on the south side of the reservoir. The south shore around Perkins Peninsula as well as along the face of the dam are good spots. There is good bank access at several rest stops and campgrounds, and three seasonal boat ramps. No new updates. Last updated 8/6/26. FOSTER RESERVOIR: Trout, bass, perch, catfish Foster Lake is in great shape at the moment. This waterbody is stocked with trout in the spring as well as in early fall. Besides trout, look for smallmouth bass and yellow perch near underwater structure and drop-offs. Please remember that only adipose fin-clipped trout may be kept as part of the 5-trout bag limit, but there are no limits on size or number of bass . In the summer, early morning and late evening are usually when fish become most active. Retention of warmwater fish species such as bluegill, pumpkinseed, catfish, crappie, and yellow perch is allowed -- no limit on size or number. Anglers report good success in the two arms of the reservoir, as well as the shoreline in between. Trout and yellow perch can be caught year-round. The reservoir is full, and all boat ramps are available. This scenic 1,200-acre reservoir on the South Santiam River is located just 30 minutes from Interstate 5. There is good bank access at several rest stops and campgrounds, and three seasonal boat ramps. No new updates. Last updated 8/10/26. FREEWAY LAKE, EAST : Trout, bass, bluegill, crappie Fishing for warmwater gamefish such as bass, bluegill, crappie and catfish can be very good, especially early and late in the day in spring and summer. Look for them near downed wood and along the edges of weed. This waterbody consists of three interconnected ponds and features some good size bass and crappie. The largest pond on the west side of the highway is only accessible by boat. A boat ramp is available at East Freeway Lake, and there is some bank access around East and Middle Freeway Lake. No new updates. Last updated 7/27/26. GOLD LAKE: Brook trout, rainbow trout The lake is open for fishing annually from May 22 to Oct. 31. For access inquiries call the USFS Willamette National Forest (541) 782-2283 for updates. Gold lake has special fishing regulations in place that include no retention of rainbow trout, no limit on brook trout, fly-fishing only, with fly rod, no spinning rigs, only barbless hooks. Oregon State Marine Board passed a regulation in 2020 that allows ELECTRIC motors only on Gold Lake. Gold Lake is a 100-acre lake located north of the Willamette Pass summit off Hwy. 58 approximately 23 miles southeast of Oakridge. Last updated 9/1/26. GREEN PETER RESERVOIR : Trout, smallmouth bass This large reservoir has two seasonal boat ramps. Due to drought conditions, water levels are lower than normal and dropping slowly. Both boat ramps are effectively out of the water and will remain until at least February 1 when the storage season begins. Last updated 8/31/26. HARRIET LAKE: Trout Lake Harriet is currently closed due to safety and access concerns related to nearby active wildfires. Please do not visit these locations. For more information, visit PGE's Parks and Recreation webpage . Harriet Lake is a 23-acre reservoir on the Oak Grove Fork of the Clackamas River in the Mount Hood National Forest . Boat ramp is just past the campground. HENRY HAGG LAKE: Rainbow trout, largemouth bass, crappie, smallmouth bass, yellow perch, bluegill, bullhead catfish On warmer days, the best times of day to target bass are in the mornings and evenings. Try downsizing your gear a bit and fish with jigs that mimic crayfish holding near the lake bottom. Cappie fishing near the dam can be productive this time of year with many small fish available and a few larger ones in the mix as well. Try casting 1-inch Gulp minnows (chartreuse) from the bank or boat for some good panfish action. Hagg Lake is one of western Oregon's largest lakes and is a premier warmwater fishing destination. The lake is home to both the state record smallmouth bass and bullhead catfish. Current reservoir levels can be found here . Maintained and operated by Washington County, the park features numerous picnic areas, two boat launching facilities, more than 15 miles of hiking trails, and observation decks for wildlife and bird watching. The lake and lake park are currently open, although users are encouraged to check the Hagg Lake Park website , as conditions can change. Last updated 8/31/26. HILLS CREEK RESERVOIR: Trout, crappie, bass Will be stocked for the last time this season the week of September 28 with 3,000 hatchery rainbow trout. Don't forget that you can keep hatchery Chinook in the reservoir as mentioned below. Hills Creek Reservoir is located about four miles southeast of Oakridge and is open to year-round fishing. In addition to catchable-size trout, the reservoir is stocked with 60,000 adipose fin-clipped rainbow trout fingerlings annually and 100,000 adipose fin-clipped spring Chinook salmon fingerlings (when available) to provide a harvest fishery the following year. This makes a great early-spring fishery on large fish. Trout and salmon must be adipose fin-clipped to be harvested. Large native trout are available for catch-and-release fishing. Packard Boat Ramp (USFS) generally remains accessible at all normal reservoir elevations although it is probable that the landing will not be available after early September this year because of a shortage of inflow. Last updated 9/1/26. LEABURG LAKE: Trout Will be stocked for the last time this season the week of August 24 with 1,000 hatchery rainbow trout. Leaburg Lake is open to fishing all year. Bait can be used from April 22 until Oct. 31, but beginning Nov. 1, anglers may only use lures and artificial flies. All wild trout must be released. Only hatchery fish may be kept. Last updated 9/1/26. MCKENZIE RIVER below Leaburg Lake (R1): Trout, steelhead, Chinook Was stocked for the last time this season in the week of September 1 with 2,000 hatchery rainbow trout. April 22 to October 31 anglers can use bait in the mainstem McKenzie River. Beginning Nov. 1, anglers may only use lures and artificial flies. Fishing for summer steelhead remains open throughout the year. All non-adipose fin-clipped trout must be released unharmed. Check the 2026 Sport Fishing Regulations for bait restrictions in the segment you plan to fish. The lower McKenzie River is open to retention of adipose fin-clipped salmon and steelhead and non-adipose fin-clipped steelhead greater than 24 inches long. A Columbia River Basin Endorsement is required for anglers targeting salmon and steelhead in the McKenzie. Last updated 9/1/26. MCKENZIE RIVER above Leaburg Lake (R2): Trout, steelhead Will be stocked the last time for the season the week of September 7 with 2,000 hatchery rainbow trout. ODFW will be passing summer steelhead above Leaburg Dam this season (2026). All non-adipose fin-clipped trout must be released unharmed. Bait is allowed from Leaburg Dam to Forest Glen Boat Ramp April 22 until Oct. 31. Starting Nov. 1, anglers may only use lures and artificial flies. Last updated 9/1/26. MIDDLE FORK WILLAMETTE RIVER: Trout, steelhead, Chinook The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers refurbished the boat ramp on the south side of the Middle Fork Willamette just below Dexter Dam allowing drift boat and raft access. A Columbia River Basin Endorsement is required for anglers targeting salmon and steelhead. The Middle Fork Willamette above Lookout Point and Hills Creek reservoirs are open to fishing using lures and artificial flies. All wild trout must be released upstream of Lookout Point Reservoir. The Middle Fork Willamette River is not stocked with hatchery trout. Last updated 8/24/26. NORTH FORK RESERVOIR: Trout Opened for trout retention on May 22. North Fork Reservoir is a 350-acre reservoir of the Clackamas River behind North Fork Dam approximately 5.2 miles east of Estacada. This reservoir has two boat ramps, boat moorage, 50 campsites, picnic areas, boat rentals, grocery story, fueling station, and ADA-accessible fishing platforms. It is big and deep enough, and is fed by the upper Clackamas River, to stay cool longer into the summer than most of the other lakes and ponds. No new updates. Last updated 6/4/26. For more information, visit PGE's Parks and Recreation webpage . QUARTZVILLE CREEK: Trout This river above Green Peter Reservoir gets stocked regularly from late spring through the summer. It was stocked for the last time in early August with 1,650 hatchery trout. Current flows are about 15cfs. Best conditions for fishing are below 300cfs. Light tackle including flies works best, but bait is allowed. The river above Green Peter Reservoir is open year-round. Trout are active year-round, and anglers are allowed to keep up to five fish daily. Rain forecasted for this week could provide a jolt of activity for trout taking advantage of the food brought down by increased flows. Last updated 8/31/26. ROW RIVER NATURE PARK POND (formerly Cottage Grove Pond): Trout, bass, bluegill Last stocked with 1,250 hatchery rainbow trout in April. The fishing dock has been replaced, and the Cascade Family Flyfishers have removed aquatic vegetation and blackberries around the pond to improve access and angling success. The pond is open to year-round fishing and is accessible from the asphalt pathway behind the truck scales on Row River Rd. In addition to fishing, these ponds also offer many wildlife viewing opportunities. Last updated 9/1/26. SALMON CREEK: Trout Last stocked the week of July 27 with 800 hatchery rainbow trout. Salmon Creek is open to fishing all year. Anglers may only use lures and artificial flies. Use of bait allowed Apr 22 - Oct 31. Trout are released at multiple locations upstream to Black Creek. Two wild trout per day, 8-inch minimum length, may be kept in addition to five hatchery trout. No new updates. Last updated 9/1/26. SALT CREEK: Trout Salt Creek and its tributaries are open to fishing all year; it is an unstocked tributary to the Middle Fork Willamette River east of Oakridge. Anglers may only use lures and artificial flies. Use of bait is only allowed from Apr 22 - Oct 31. Two wild trout may be kept per day, 8-inch minimum length. Last updated 9/1/26. SANDY RIVER: Summer steelhead, spring Chinook Anglers are finding success from the hatchery downstream, but summer steelhead can be found throughout the system. Check conditions at individual parks on Metro's website. No new updates. Last updated 7/27/26. SANTIAM RIVER (NORTH FORK): Steelhead, trout, Chinook, coho River levels best for fishing are at or below 3,000cfs, and the river is currently running at 1100cfs at the gage in Mehama. Fishing for chinook is now closed until mid-October. Fishing for steelhead remains open year-round. At this time only a few coho have migrated above Willamette Falls, however another strong run is expected this year, and numbers should increase markedly over the next few weeks. Spin cast with lures or swing large streamer flies through the pools. There are several large, downed trees in the river creating some dangerous hazards for boaters in the lower river. For more information check out the Oregon State Marine Board website . Fishing for hatchery steelhead is open year-round. Bait is allowed between April 22 and October 31. Last updated 9/1/26. SANTIAM RIVER (NORTH FORK) above DETROIT: Trout This river is open year-round to fishing, but ideal conditions usually begin after snowmelt recedes in late June and continues through early October. Currently, flows are around 300 cfs. It was stocked for the last time in mid-August with about 2,000 hatchery trout scattered across several release locations. Dead drifting a nymph fly or slow retrieving a small spinner can sometimes coax larger trout to bite. Forecasted rain this week may also increase feeding activity. Last updated 9/1/26. SANTIAM RIVER (SOUTH FORK): Bass, trout, steelhead Fishing is generally best when flows are below 3,000cfs. Flows are currently at around 850cfs at the gage in Waterloo. The 2026 Chinook run is complete, but it has been fairly strong. Most adults are above Waterloo and are concentrating between Pleasant Valley boat ramp and Wiley Creek. The Chinook fishery is now closed until Oct. 15. The summer steelhead run turned out better than average this year. About 9,400 steelhead adults have been counting at Willamette Falls so far with a few more trickling in through September. They can be found throughout the river basin, with most fish concentrated in the upper 8 miles below Foster Dam. The forecasted rain may increase their feeding activity this weekend. Fishing for hatchery steelhead is open year-round. The use of bait is now allowed through the end of October. Last updated 9/1/26. SMITH RESERVOIR: Trout Last stocked the week of July 13 with 1,000 hatchery rainbow trout. After nine years of closure, Carmen-Smith recreation sites on the Upper McKenzie River have reopened to the public as of May 1, allowing hikers and day visitors access to newly renovated facilities. Anyone with questions about visiting these recreation sites should inquire online at https://www.fs.usda.gov/r06/willamette/recreation or by contacting the McKenzie River Ranger Station at (541) 822-3381 . Last updated 9/1/26. SUNNYSIDE PARK POND: Trout, bass, bluegill This four-acre pond is located two miles above the upper end of Foster Reservoir. Due to warm water, trout stocking stopped earlier this year in mid-May. The pond offers bluegill and largemouth bass year-round. The park has a campground and picnic area and is a great place to take kids fishing. There is also boat ramp access to the Middle Fork arm of Foster Reservoir. Please keep in mind that only one trout over 20 inches may be kept per day as part of a 5-fish daily trout limit. To get there from I-5, take US 20 through the town of Sweet Home and continue around Foster Reservoir to Quartzville Creek Rd. Take a left and follow this road for two miles to the park. No new updates. Last updated 6/1/26. TIMOTHY LAKE: Trout Closed for public safety. View the complete closure order and map as detailed by the Portland General Electric Parks and the Mt. Hood National Forest Alerts . Last updated 9/3/26. TRAIL BRIDGE RESERVOIR: Trout After nine years of closure, Carmen-Smith recreation sites on the Upper McKenzie River have reopened to the public as of May 1, offering campers, hikers, and day visitors access to newly renovated facilities. Campsites at Trail Bridge Campground will be available for booking now on Recreation.gov . The first reservable date was May 14. Anyone with questions about visiting these recreation sites should inquire online at https://www.fs.usda.gov/r06/willamette/recreation or by contacting the McKenzie River Ranger Station at (541) 822-3381 . ODFW has discontinued trout stocking in Trail Bridge Reservoir. Wild trout must be released. Only flies and lures may be used. Last updated 9/1/26. TRILLIUM LAKE: Trout Access is open, and the lake has been stocked with more than 6,000 rainbow trout. No new updates currently. No new updates. Last updated 7/21/26. TURNER LAKE: Bass, panfish, some trout This approximately 70-acre lake just north of Turner is open to public fishing along the southern half where the boat ramp is. Non-gasoline powered trolling motors only are allowed. It is an old borrow pit and features largemouth bass, panfish such as bluegill, and trout in the cooler months. Bass fishing can be excellent early in the morning or late in the evening when the larger fish approach the shore to feed. There's a boat ramp on the southwest corner of the lake. It was stocked a couple of times this spring with several thousand hatchery trout. Because the lake is deep, trout can survive year-round. As a reminder, only one trout over 20 inches is allowed as part of a five-fish per day bag limit. No new updates. Last updated 6/30/26. WALTER WIRTH LAKE: Trout, bass, panfish This urban lake usually gets stocked from about Thanksgiving through May. The rest of the year anglers can target bluegill and bass. As a reminder, only one trout out of a 5-fish bag limit may be longer than 20 inches. Walter Wirth is a 20-acre lake located within the City of Salem's Cascades Gateway Park with good access all the way around. No new updates. Last updated 7/6/26. WILLAMETTE RIVER: Steelhead, spring Chinook, coho salmon, bass, walleye, shad, catch-and-release sturgeon There isn't much salmonid opportunity in the Willamette River in late August, but there will be coho abundance increasing in the system beginning in September. Late September and October are great times to target coho, especially above Willamette Falls. Willamette River is about 75 degrees now, so warmwater fishing is a good option for the rest of the summer. Consider fishing for bass, walleye, and other warmwater species that reside in the Willamette River and Multnomah Channel. The section from Buena Vista through Corvallis is especially good for Walleye. As a reminder, per permanent regulations, sturgeon angling is prohibited from the Lake Oswego–Oak Grove Railroad Bridge upstream to Willamette Falls from May 1 through August 31. See Willamette Catch Summaries for more details on spring chinook, steelhead and sturgeon here . River conditions and fish counts: Daily report Willamette River Portland-Temperature/Visibility Link to: Willamette Falls Fish Counts Link to: Willamette River Morrison Bridge Hydro Data Link to NOAA-Willamette River Forecast (Salem) The Willamette often gets overlooked because it is so close. But this river offers convenience, good access and variety. The river is ideal for small boats such as canoes and kayaks, but there are enough public access points for bank anglers as well. Consult Oregon Parks and Recreation Department for specific locations. The upstream section between Albany and Harrisburg is open year-round for trout fishing, which can be very good when flows are cooperating. The river is in very good shape right now and anglers report good catches of smallmouth bass between Salem and Albany. Look for deep slot pools and the tail-end of long riffles and the head of pools where the fish are likely stacked up in feeding lanes. Smallmouth bass can be a lot of fun to catch and are plentiful between Salem and Corvallis during summer. Anglers also report the occasional walleye up to 20 inches. Trout prefer the cooler water temperatures upstream of Corvallis. From Salem downstream there are plenty of largemouth bass in the deeper, quieter sections. Trout can be kept in some sections, but not in others. Consult the regulation booklet for details. Regulation Updates Please see the regulation update page .