Fishing Report - Northwest Zone | Oregon Department of Fish & Wildlife Recreation Report Northwest Zone Recreation Report Regulation Updates Table of Contents Table of Contents Get the Northwest Zone Fishing Report in your inbox Subscribe Recreation Report Fun to catch, Fun to release. Summer steelhead on the Siletz. Photo by Justin Robert Jahn NW Fishing August 27, 2026 Best bets for weekend fishing: Trout season is open for Northwest Zone streams. See the regulation booklet for limits, open areas, and bait restrictions. Cutthroat trout are present in most areas open to angling and provide a good fishery in the rivers and streams that will continue to improve from now through the end of the season (October 31). Sea-run cutthroat are dispersed throughout the fisheries. Fishing has been good recently. Nehalem Bay has "summer" Chinook coming in. These fish are early fall Chinook that start returning to the bay and river in late July and August. Fishing has been fair to good the past couple weeks with multiple fish being caught daily. The Bag limit is one wild adult Chinook per day and five for the season (July 1 to Nov 30) as part of the overall daily bag limit. Summer steelhead fishing on the Nestucca and Wilson Rivers has slowed the last couple weeks, but fish are dispersed throughout the fisheries and a few are still being caught. The rivers are low and clear so target first light and use stealth tactics to increase odds of success. Trout stocking in the lakes was completed for the spring with some hold over trout in most North Coast lakes. As summer temperatures rise, look to higher elevation lakes that stay cooler for the best chances of success. Lost lake, South Lake, Hebo Lake, Lake Tahoe, and Town Lake are all good options for summer trout fishing. Warm water fisheries for bass and sunfish are active and provide some good opportunity for weekend fishing. Cape Meares Lake, Coffenbury Lake, Cullaby Lake, and Vernonia pond all have decent populations of warm water species available to catch. Lake Lytle has a good largemouth bass population, but it is very weedy. The bass populations in Cape Meares and Coffenbury are healthy with decent numbers and size of fish. The population is down in Town Lake. Summer steelhead are still on the move in the Siletz River, but fishing has slowed down. Multiple batches of summer steelhead were recycled to the lower river for additional angler opportunity in May and June. Recycled steelhead have a colored tag at the base of the dorsal fin. Anglers are asked to please report tagged steelhead caught in the Siletz River to caleb.w.yann@odfw.oregon.gov with the date, tag color, and general location where fish were caught to monitor recapture and harvest rates in the basin. Additional summer steelhead were recycled to Olalla Reservoir to provide angler opportunities. Trout angling is open in many Mid Coast streams. Sea-run and resident cutthroat can be found in many streams currently open to angling. Anglers are reminded to be aware of daily bag limits, bait restrictions and additional angling closures. Warmwater fisheries can be a great option this time of year. Siltcoos and Tahkenitch lakes can be great places to target largemouth bass, yellow perch, and bluegill. Largemouth bass are doing well at both locations. Many Mid Coast lakes received trout stockings this spring: Big Creek Reservoir 1 and 2, Cleawox Lake, Devil's Lake, Thissell Pond, Woahink Lake, Carter Lake, Mercer Lake, Dune Lake, Alder Lake, Buck Lake, Sutton Lake, Olalla Reservoir, Siltcoos Lake, and Perkins Lake. Trout stocking has concluded for the summer and will be reassessed in the fall. Siletz River HWY 229 is closed at approximately milepost 14 due to a large land slide covering the road. It will be closed for an undetermined amount of time. Trout stocking: Stocking will resume in September. Check out the trout stocking schedule. Trout stocking maps Check out the ODFW fishing and trout stocking maps to find nearby fishing locations, driving directions and descriptions of amenities. Announcements Three Rivers from the mouth to the hatchery deadline is closed to angling July 16 to September 30. Trask River 200 feet above and 900 feet below Gold Creek at Trask Hatchery (which includes the "hatchery hole") is closed to angling July 16 to October 15. New for 2026: Tillamook Bay and River upstream of the Hwy 131 bridge is closed to all sturgeon angling (including catch and release). Trask Hatchery has some damage to their access road, the hatchery is still open to the public, but as a result anglers and visitors alike will need to park up top and walk down. Many coastal basins opened for fall Chinook on August 1. For regulation updates visit: Fall Coastal Salmon Management for more information. Big Creek from the RR trestle to the hatchery deadline is closed to angling Aug. 15 to Oct. 15 Sign up for the latest information on boater access Marine Board's Opportunities and Access Report incorporates information from federal and state agencies, local facility operators and fellow boaters to provide up-to-date information so boaters can decide where to recreate and what to expect this season. Subscribe to receive email updates . Updates by waterbody ALSEA RIVER: Cutthroat trout, Chinook salmon, crabbing, clamming Fall Chinook opened August 1. Anglers have reported catching a few early Chinook in the bay over the past week, but many fish will not move in for a few more weeks. The wild Chinook bag limit is two per day/ten for the season from August 1 to December 31, as part of the overall daily bag limit. Wild Chinook jacks may be retained as per the permanent regulations (up to 5/day). See regulation updates online at Fall Coastal Salmon Management for more details. Sea-run and resident cutthroat trout are available throughout the Alsea River. Check your regulations before you head out for bait or stream restrictions. Alsea Bay can also be a great option for crabbing and bay clamming. Be sure to watch the tides and follow daily limits. For more information on crabbing and clamming, refer to the Marine recreation report. Last updated 8/24/26. KILCHIS RIVER: Cutthroat trout There are cutthroat trout throughout Kilchis and plenty of public access off Kilchis Forest Road. Sea-run cutthroat have been in tidewater and are dispersing upriver now. Fall Chinook season opened August 1 but there won't be fish moving into the river for a few weeks yet. The wild Chinook bag limit is one adult per day/five for the season from August 1 to November 30, as part of the overall daily bag limit (in aggregate with Tillamook Bay, Miami R, Kilchis R, Wilson R, Trask R, and Tillamook R). Wild Chinook jacks may be retained as per permanent regulations (up to 5/day). See the regulation updates online at Fall coastal salmon management for more details. Last updated 8/25/26. NECANICUM RIVER: Cutthroat trout There are cutthroat trout throughout the Necanicum River fishery. Sea-run cutthroat have been in tidewater and are in the river now as well. Concentrate on deep pools with cover and use stealthy tactics for the best odds of success. Technically Fall Chinook fishing opens in the Necanicum on August 1, but there won't be any salmon around until later in the fall. The wild Chinook bag limit is one adult per day/five for the season from August 1 to November 30, as part of the overall daily bag limit. Wild Chinook jacks may be retained as per the permanent regulations (up to 5/day). See the regulation updates online at: Fall coastal salmon management for more details. The Highway 101 boat ramp south of Seaside will be closed to vehicle access until next fall to reduce dumping and illegal camping. A combination lock will be put back on the gate for angler access next fall usually around mid-October. Walk in access is still permitted through the summer. Last updated 8/25/26. NEHALEM RIVER & NORTH FORK NEHALEM: Chinook, Cutthroat trout The Nehalem gets a run of "summer" Chinook salmon (an early component of the Fall run) and those fish are in the bay. Fishing has been fair to good the past couple of weeks with multiple fish being caught daily. August is generally the peak month for the early run of Chinook. This is mostly a bay fishery with trolling spinners being a popular method. Fish are dispersed from the jaws to the upper tidewater. The wild Chinook bag limit is one adult per day/five for the season from July 1 to November 30, as part of the overall daily bag limit. Wild Chinook jacks may be retained as per the permanent regulations (up to 5/day). See the regulation updates online at Fall coastal salmon management for more details. There are cutthroat trout throughout the Nehalem basin and no shortage of places to fish for them. Sea-run cutthroat are dispersed throughout the fishery. Fishing has been good for them recently. Remember to check for bait restrictions before fishing. Last updated 8/25/26. NESTUCCA RIVER & LITTLE NESTUCCA RIVER: Summer steelhead, cutthroat trout, Chinook Chinook fishing is slow on the Nestucca and Little Nestucca Rivers. The spring Chinook run is over and fall Chinook has not started to arrive consistently. There have been a few early fall Chinook caught in the estuary already, but numbers will be low. The wild Chinook bag limit is one adult per day/two for the season from August 1 to November 30, as part of the overall daily bag limit. Wild Chinook jacks may be retained as per the permanent regulations (up to 5/day). See the regulation updates online at: Fall coastal salmon management for more details. The Nestucca also gets a hatchery summer steelhead run, and fishing has been fair to good this summer but has slowed the last couple weeks. There are fish present throughout the fishery (up to Elk Creek), and Cedar Creek Hatchery has been recycling summer steelhead to increase angler opportunity. The water is low and clear so targeting first light and using stealthy tactics will up the odds of success. Lures, beads, and jigs are all effective techniques. There are cutthroat trout throughout the Nestucca basin. Sea-run cutthroat are dispersed throughout the fishery. Fishing should be fair to good. Last updated 8/25/26. River levels and predictions for the Nestucca are available here. SALMON RIVER: Cutthroat trout, Chinook salmon Fall Chinook opened August 1. Reports indicate a few early Chinook have been caught near the mouth, but many fish will not move in for a few more weeks. The wild Chinook bag limit is two per day/ten for the season from August 1 to December 31, as part of the overall daily bag limit. Wild Chinook jacks may be retained as per the permanent regulations (up to 5/day). See regulation updates online at Fall Coastal Salmon Management for more details. Resident and sea-run cutthroat trout are available in the Salmon River. Be sure to check your regulations before you head out for bait or stream restrictions. Last updated 8/24/26. SILETZ RIVER: Summer steelhead, Chinook salmon, cutthroat trout Summer steelhead are dispersed throughout the Siletz River, but fishing has slowed down. With rising river temps and low flow conditions, summer steelhead migration is seeing a lull Most anglers are targeting the gorge upstream of Moonshine Park. The bank access in the upper gorge offers a unique and often remote fishing experience for anglers looking to get away from crowds. Multiple batches of summer steelhead were recycled to the lower river for additional angler opportunity in May and June. Recycled steelhead will have a colored tag at the base of the dorsal fin. Anglers are asked to please report tagged steelhead caught in the Siletz River to caleb.w.yann@odfw.oregon.gov with the date, tag color, and general location fish were caught. Thank you to all the anglers who have been reporting tagged steelhead. Fall Chinook opened August 1. Anglers have reported catching a few early Chinook in the bay and lower river,but many fish will not move in for a few more weeks. The wild Chinook bag limit is two per day/ten for the season from August 1 to December 31, as part of the overall daily bag limit. Wild Chinook jacks may be retained as per the permanent regulations (up to 5/day). See regulation updates online at Fall Coastal Salmon Management for more details. Resident and sea-run cutthroat trout are available in the Siletz River. Be sure to check your regulations before you head out for bait or stream restrictions. As a reminder, fishing is closed on the Siletz River and tributaries upstream of Siletz Falls A landslide on HWY 229 has resulted in a road closure at approximately milepost 14.5. HWY 229 will be closed for the unforeseeable future until crews are able to safely remove the debris from the roadway. As a general reminder for Anglers: Help to protect boating opportunities by maximizing distance from bank anglers and other boats. Safely row or motor around anglers and other boats and avoid motoring nearshore and in shallow areas. Last updated 8/24/26. SIUSLAW RIVER: Cutthroat trout, Chinook salmon, rockfish, surf perch, crabbing Fall Chinook opened August 1. Reports indicate a few early Chinook have been caught in the lower river between the mouth and Cushman, but many fish will not move in for a few more weeks. The wild Chinook bag limit is one per day/five for the season from August 1 to December 31, as part of the overall daily bag limit. Wild Chinook jacks may be retained as per the permanent regulations (up to 5/day). See regulation updates online at Fall Coastal Salmon Management for more details. Resident and sea-run cutthroat trout are available in the Siuslaw River. Be sure to check your regulations before you head out for bait or stream restrictions. Jetties can be a great place to target rockfish and surf perch during the summer. For more information on surf perch, crabbing, rockfish and lingcod, refer to the Marine Recreation Report. Last updated 8/24/26 . THREE RIVERS: Cutthroat trout Three Rivers from the mouth to the hatchery deadline is closed to angling until September 30. The best opportunity upstream of the hatchery weir is for cutthroat trout as hatchery Chinook and steelhead are stopped at Cedar Creek hatchery. Resident cutthroat are present throughout the upper portion of the stream. Last updated 8/25/26. TILLAMOOK BAY: Marine bottom fish, cutthroat trout, Chinook. Fall Chinook fishing opened in the Tillamook basin (Tillamook Bay, Miami R, Kilchis R, Wilson R, Trask R, and Tillamook R) on August 1, and a handful continue to be caught already, but numbers will be very low until September. The wild Chinook bag limit is one adult per day/five for the season from August 1 to November 30, as part of the overall daily bag limit. Wild Chinook jacks may be retained as per the permanent regulations (up to 5/day). See the regulation updates online at: Fall coastal salmon management for more details. There are still rockfish and kelp greenling available off the Tillamook Bay jetties (the North jetty provides the only bank angling this spring as the South jetty is still undergoing repairs/construction). Ling cod fishing tends to be slower this time of year but there should still be a few around. Concentrate on slack tides for the best chance of success. Sea-run cutthroat have dispersed into the rivers but there should still be a few in the tidewater. Last updated 8/25/26. TRASK RIVER: Chinook, cutthroat trout Chinook fishing is slow on the Trask. Springers are still in the river but have been holding for a while now and are "lock jawed" (very hard to get to bite) and past prime. Fall Chinook season opened August 1 but there won't be many around until later in the season, although a few have been caught in Tillamook Bay. The wild Chinook bag limit is one adult per day/five for the season from August 1 to November 30, as part of the overall daily bag limit (in aggregate with Tillamook Bay, Miami R, Kilchis R, Wilson R, Trask R, and Tillamook R). Wild Chinook jacks may be retained as per the permanent regulations (up to 5/day). See the regulation updates online at: Fall coastal salmon management for more details. The section of the Trask River 200 ft above and 900 ft below Gold Creek at Trask Hatchery (which includes the "hatchery hole") is closed to angling until October 15. Trout fishing is open and there are cutthroat trout (including sea-runs) throughout the fishery, which includes the North, South, and East forks (no bait allowed in the forks between May 22-Aug 31). Fishing is fair to good. Trask hatchery has some damage to the access road so anglers and visitors will need to park up top and walk down if passing through to upstream areas. Last updated 8/25/26. WILSON RIVER: Summer steelhead, cutthroat trout. Summer steelhead are in the Wilson River; fishing has slowed down in the past couple weeks but there are still some fish getting caught. Fish are throughout the fishery (up to the South Fork) and the upper river seems to have the best numbers. There is plenty of public access off Highway 6. The river is low and clear so targeting first light and using stealthy tactics will up the odds of success. Lures, beads, and jigs are all proven techniques. There are cutthroat trout (including sea-runs) throughout the Wilson River. Fall Chinook season opened August 1, but there won't be any fall fish showing up in the river for a while yet. The wild Chinook bag limit is one adult per day/five for the season from August 1 to November 30, as part of the overall daily bag limit (in aggregate with Tillamook Bay, Miami R, Kilchis R, Wilson R, Trask R, and Tillamook R). Wild Chinook jacks may be retained as per the permanent regulations (up to 5/day). See the regulation updates online at: Fall coastal salmon management for more details. Last updated 8/25/26. Wilson River levels and predictions are available here . YAQUINA RIVER: Cutthroat trout, Chinook salmon, rockfish, surf perch, crabbing Fall Chinook opened August 1. Angling pressure has been light so far, but many fish will not move in for a few more weeks. The wild Chinook bag limit is two per day/ten for the season from August 1 to December 31, as part of the overall daily bag limit. Wild Chinook jacks may be retained as per the permanent regulations (up to 5/day). See regulation updates online at Fall Coastal Salmon Management for more details. Resident and sea-run cutthroat trout are available in the Yaquina River. Be sure to check your regulations before you head out for bait or stream restrictions. Jetties can be a great place to target rockfish and surf perch during the summer. For information on marine species such as surf perch, rockfish and lingcod, refer to the Marine Recreation Report. Last updated 8/24/26. Regulation Updates Please see the regulation update page .