Fishing Report - Southwest Zone | Oregon Department of Fish & Wildlife Recreation Report Southwest Zone Recreation Report Regulation Updates Table of Contents Table of Contents Get the Southwest Zone Fishing Report in your inbox Subscribe Recreation Report Kayak bass fishing at Tenmile. Photo by Kristin Maxon SW Fishing August 27, 2026 Best bets for weekend fishing: Some of the more popular spots to fish for red-tailed surfperch are along beaches like Horsefall Beach and Whiskey Run. Anglers have the best success fishing with sand shrimp weighted gear on the bottom although power grubs can also work. Try warmwater fishing for bass at Ben Irving, Howard Prairie and Hyatt Reservoirs. Cooper Creek Reservoir looks nice and clear. Go earlier in the morning or fish deeper for success. This is a good time of year to look for cutthroat in the Chetco River estuary. The estuary has very little bank access. Please be mindful of out-migrating salmon and steelhead smolt. If you catch these young salmonids, consider switching to barbless hooks and/or moving to a new location. Hemlock and Lake of the Woods are accessible, and people are catching good numbers of trout. Trout stocking Stocking schedules in SW Zone have been impacted by lower-than-normal water levels, higher temperatures and lack of accessibility for liberation trucks. Please see individual waterbodies for updates or check the Trout stocking schedule. July 20- Sept 4: Rogue River above Lost Creek to be stocked every week. Trout stocking maps Check out the ODFW fishing and trout stocking maps to find nearby fishing locations, driving directions and descriptions of amenities. Sign up for the latest information on boater access Marine Board's Opportunities and Access Report incorporates information from federal and state agencies, local facility operators and fellow boaters to provide up-to-date information so boaters can decide where to recreate and what to expect this season. Subscribe to receive email updates . Updates by waterbody AGATE LAKE: Bass, carp, black crappie, yellow perch, brown bullhead, trout Agate Lake is 15 percent full and likely to start dropping in the coming weeks. The Agate Lake Boat Launch is open. There should still be rainbow trout available. Fishing crank baits and poppers can be a lot of fun for bass as the water starts to warm up through next week. Anglers are encouraged to harvest any carp or catfish caught at the reservoir and chicken liver is a good bait to target them. Last updated 8/26/26. APPLEGATE RESERVOIR : Trout, landlocked spring chinook, largemouth bass, smallmouth bass, black crappie, bluegill The lake level is 1,915.52ft and the surface temperature at Applegate is 77F. Check up-to-date reservoir levels here , or call the Army Corps of Engineers at (800) 472-2434 for lake level and temperature information. Holdover trout should be evenly distributed throughout the reservoir until the air temperatures start to climb. Bank fishing or trolling should be good. Bass fishing along the vegetation and structure along the banks should also start to get good with the forecast of warmer weather in the next week. There is a longstanding health advisory for consumption of resident species due to elevated levels of mercury. See Oregon Health Authority consumption guidelines or the sportfishing regulations for more information. Last updated 8/25/26. APPLEGATE RIVER below Applegate Dam: Hatchery rainbow trout As of May 22, anglers may fish for hatchery rainbow trout in the mainstem. Wild rainbow and cutthroat trout must be released. Please be mindful of out-migrating salmon and steelhead smolt. If you catch these young salmonids, consider switching to barbless hooks and/or moving to a new location. No new updates. Last Updated 7/30/26. BEN IRVING RESERVOIR: Rainbow trout, bass, bluegill, yellow perch, crappie Ben Irving was stocked with rainbow trout in April and again in the middle of May. Trout fishing should be slow with the warmer weather, so try fishing deeper to find cooler water. Crappie and bass are some of the best bets for now. Last update 8/26/26. BOLAN LAKE: Rainbow trout, brook trout The Bolan Lake Campground and the day use areas are open after renovations. Check USFS Bolan Lake Campground website for more information. The lake was stocked with 800 legal-size rainbow trout on May 21. Spinners have been very productive based on recent reports. There are good bank access and a small unimproved boat ramp available . No new updates. Last updated 7/21/26. CHETCO RIVER: Cutthroat trout Summer is a good time to beat the heat and head higher up in the river and search for trout. Anglers that don't have a boat can find good numbers of cutthroat in all the bigger tributaries of the Chetco and upper mainstem. Please be mindful of out-migrating salmon and steelhead smolt. If you catch these young salmonids, consider switching to barbless hooks and/or moving to a new location . No new updates. Last updated 7/8/26. COOPER CREEK RESERVOIR: Rainbow trout, bass, bluegill, yellow perch, crappie The water looks nice and clear. Try going earlier in the morning or deeper for trout. Bait may be a better choice. some notably large largemouth bass have been spotted lately. The reservoir was last stocked with trout in mid-May with legal rainbows. Bass angling has been good. The West ramp area will be closed July 5- September 4 to the public for construction. Common carp have been illegally introduced into the reservoir. If one should catch a carp, please take a photo, get the size, and location fish were caught and send to evan.leonetti@odfw.oregon.gov or call the Roseburg office at (541) 440-3353. Do not release the fish back into the water. Last updated 8/26/26. COOS RIVER BASIN: Bottomfish, trout, surfperch, steelhead, salmon, trout Sneaker waves warrant caution when fishing along the jetties, however, rockfish can be caught around the jetties in the lower Coos Bay estuary, but you may need to move around to several spots to find actively biting fish. Best fishing is typically near slack tides with good fishing one day and fair fishing the next. A jig fished with a twister tail trailer is always a good option to catch bottom fish or sand shrimp. For the general marine fish regulations, please visit the sport bottomfish seasons page. On occasion stray feeder Chinook from the ocean may be caught in the lower Coos Bay during off-season months. The salmon bite is typically best a couple hours before and through the high slack tide. Regulations have been updated to 2 fish per day in the Bay and river (hatchery or wild). A third fish may be retained but must be hatchery. The run of Coos River basin produced Chinook returning to the bay have started entering from the ocean fishing should pick up, however, has been fairly slow. The wild coho season will open in Coos Bay from 9/19/26 to 10/18/26 with a daily bag limit of 1 per day and 3 for the year. Choose a day when the surf is not at a dangerous level, and it is possible to catch a few striped perch around the jetties. Some of the more popular spots to fish for red-tailed surfperch are along beaches like Horsefall Beach and Whiskey Run. Anglers have the best success fishing with sand shrimp weighted gear on the bottom although power grubs can also work. Last updated 8/17/26. ODFW stocking of coastal lakes in the district (Saunders, Bradley, Butterfield, Empire Lakes, Powers) has been curtailed until fall. There continue to be a few trout to be caught, however, trout fishing has slowed in those locations. Trout season is open in streams. Last updated 8/17/26. THERE MAY BE A TEMPORARY DOCK MOORED TO THE CHANDLER BRIDGE ON THE COOS RIVER TO ALLOW FOR BRIDGE MAINTENANCE. BOATERS IN THIS REACH OF RIVER NEED TO BE AWARE OF THIS BOATING RISK. COQUILLE RIVER BASIN: Trout, striped bass, steelhead, smallmouth bass, salmon Striped bass fishing in the lower Coquille is usually at its best in June; however, fish can still be picked up with persistence in July and August. Fish using nightcrawlers or 1/3 of an anchovy/herring bait on the bottom along current lines in 8-12ft of water. Use of a sliding line through a three-way swivel or swivel stopper with drop lead is popular. Topwater large minnow style gear can work as well, mornings, in the evening and moonlit nights. Smallmouth bass are fully active with the warmer weather. Fishing was solid in June-July, slowing a bit in July when water temperatures increased. Topwater gear can work well as temperatures move through the 60's, slowing down a bit when warmer. When fishing slows try bait on the bottom or artificial grubs/worms worked slowly. There is no limit for smallmouth bass, which are destructive to salmon fry production. Steelhead have finished their spawning run for 2026, and fishing is over for the season. There has been some confusion about use of bait in the Coquille basin during the steelhead season due to the language in the S.W. section Regulations Exceptions. Bait is allowed in all mainstem forks of the Coquille basin for steelhead. The plan at this point is to adjust the language in the regulations for the 2027 regulations manual. Last updated 8/17/26. The wild coho fishery will open 9/19/26 to 10/13/26 from Hwy 101 upstream to Sturdivant Park. Bag limit will be 1 fish per day, 3 for the year. Hatchery Chinook only may be retained from 9/19/26 to 10/18/26 from Hwy 101 to Sturdivant Park. For any questions on Salmon Fishing in the Coos or Coquille please call the Charleston office at (541) 888-5515 *dial zero in the options menu. ODFW has curtailed stocking of coastal lakes in the district (Saunders, Bradley, Butterfield, Empire Lakes, Powers Pond) until waters cool in the fall. There continues to be a few trout available to be caught. Trout fishing has been slow in those locations, largemouth bass, perch, are also in the above noted lakes. Trout fishing is open in all streams within the Coos and Coquille basins as of May 22. No new updates. Last updated 8/11/26. DIAMOND LAKE: Trout All boat ramps are open. The main ramp cleaning station is under repair and will not be open until a further date. Angling has been good with several limits being reported and lots of brown and tiger trout being released. Diamond Lake has been stocked with tiger and brown trout. These fish were introduced to help control illegally introduced tui chub. These trout are catch-and-release only and need to be released immediately and unharmed if caught. Follow these catch-and-release tips for reducing fish mortality. Last updated 8/26/26. ELK RIVER: Cutthroat trout Cutthroat are scattered throughout the watershed this time of year. Spinners or flies work well. Please be mindful of out-migrating salmon and steelhead smolt. If you catch these young salmonids, consider switching to barbless hooks and/or moving to a new location . No new reports. Last updated 7/8/26. EMIGRANT LAKE: Largemouth and smallmouth bass, black crappie, bluegill, brown bullhead, catfish, rainbow trout Emigrant Lake is 9 percent full. The most current elevations for Emigrant Reservoir and other Rogue Basin reservoirs can be found on the Bureau of Reclamation's website, here . The North ramp is open for paddle craft to carry to the water. The West Boat Ramp is closed. Largemouth bass fishing is starting to get good around the drop-offs in the still portions of the reservoir. Try targeting smallmouth bass near the head of the reservoir where there is some current from inflow. There is a longstanding health advisory for consumption of resident warmwater species in Emigrant for high levels of mercury. Consult the sportfishing regulations or the Oregon Health Authority for more information on consumption guidelines. Last updated 8/25/26. EXPO POND: Rainbow trout, largemouth bass, bluegill, black crappie Fishing for largemouth bass and panfish should start to pick up as days warm up, but anglers can catch nice Largemouth Bass year-round here. Try fishing Senko's or brush hogs on a light jig and let them sink naturally with a little bit of slack in the line. Expo Pond is the pond at the Jackson County Fairgrounds located directly adjacent to the access road at Gate 5, at Southern Oregon RV Park. There are Chinese mystery snails in the most northern pond. They are highly invasive and were illegally dumped here. Please do not move these creatures and drain and dry any personal watercraft before using them in another waterbody. Last updated 8/4/26. FISH LAKE: Rainbow trout, brook trout, spring Chinook The lake level is 12 percent full. The USFS public boat ramp is closed effective immediately due to low water levels. Fish Lake Resort has confirmed that parking and launching is available at the resort for $6 fee. Please contact the resort directly for more details. Early season trolling for trout is usually very good this time of year. Anglers are encouraged to report catches of tiger trout or send other fishing reports to Rogue Fish District Staff (541) 826-8774. No new reports. Last updated 8/4/26. FLORAS LAKE: Rainbow trout, cutthroat, bass Although the lake is not known for bass, anglers can find a few hanging out in some of the shallower parts of the lake this time of year. Anglers will still need to pay attention to the wind. Mornings are typically calmer than afternoons. The lake has very little bank angling. Boat anglers can launch at Boice Cope County Park. No new reports. Last updated 7/8/26. GALESVILLE RESERVOIR: Rainbow trout, bass The boat ramp is still accessible but may soon be inaccessible to larger boats. The reservoir is about 40 feet lower than summer full pool. The reservoir was last stocked in Mid-May. A lower reservoir can mean the fish are concentrated and easier to target. Angling effort is slow. Last updated 8/26/26. GARRISON LAKE: Trout, bass Anglers may want to focus their attention on bass as the water temperatures and vegetation are making trout fishing a little tough. Anglers should check weather conditions before heading out. The lake can be very windy. Conditions are typically calmer in the morning. No new reports. Last updated 7/8/26. HEMLOCK LAKE & LAKE IN THE WOODS (Douglas County): Trout Fishing is fair at Hemlock and slow at Lake in the woods. Both lakes were stocked in mid-June with legal rainbows . Last updated 8/26/26. HOWARD PRAIRIE: Trout, bass Howard Prairie is 54 percent full. The reservoir has been stocked with plenty of legal-sized trout and the full reservoir last year should have promoted very good growth for hold-over trout. The Willow Point and Klum Landing Park boat ramps are both open. Grizzly Park campground and day use areas are open for paddle craft to carry to the water. Largemouth bass fishing will likely start to pick up in the next few weeks. Try fishing with senkos, wedding rings, brush hogs, or other rubber baits on a jig head and let them sink naturally along docks or structures. Reports of anglers having success catching their daily trout limit and some largemouth bass in the process. Remember to remove all vegetation from gear, boots and boats before leaving Howard Prairie. Last updated 8/25/26. HYATT LAKE: Trout, bass, brown bullhead, black crappie Hyatt is 36 percent full. Hyatt has a lot of legal-sized trout in it, so fishing should be good. Fishing power bait a couple feet off the bottom near the dam is typically a good early season strategy for trout if you are bank fishing. Holdover trout should be good size this year. The Cascade boat ramp is now closed. The Mountain View Ramp is reported to be open but low reservoir levels may make launching difficult. Please launch at your own risk, aquatic vegetation has been fowling props close to the ramp. Gates at the boat ramps may be closed before 7am and after 8pm, check with the BLM camp host for details. If you have a boat, it can be worth casting lures in the shallow section on the north end of the reservoir while the water is still somewhat up and the water is still relatively cool. Largemouth bass fishing could start getting good as temperatures start to warm up. Rubber baits on a jig head are quite effective near the submerged trees. Last updated 8/25/26. Reports of blue green algae bloom are on the rise. Please check the Oregon Health Authority website for updated information regarding advisories. Oregon Health Authority: Current Cyanobacteria Advisories: Cyanobacteria Blooms: State of Oregon Remember to remove all vegetation from gear, boots, and boats before leaving Hyatt. ILLINOIS RIVER: Hatchery rainbow trout Beginning May 22, anglers may fish for hatchery rainbow trout in the mainstem. Wild rainbow and cutthroat trout must be released. Please be mindful of out-migrating salmon and steelhead smolts. If you catch these young salmonids, consider switching to barbless hooks and/or moving to a new location . No new updates. Last updated 7/30/26. LAKE MARIE: Rainbow trout, yellow perch This is a good lake to use scented bait. Stocking has been completed for the season. Recent reports indicate that fishing has been fair. Last updated 8/26/26. LAKE SELMAC (Selmac Lake): Trout, largemouth bass, bluegill, crappie Lake Selmac has been stocked with legal-sized rainbow trout a couple of times this year. This lake is an outstanding largemouth bass fishery, and the bluegill and crappie fishing can be fun, as well. Boat anglers, please do your part to remove as much vegetation as possible before leaving the ramp, as well as drain and dry vessels before boating in another waterbody. Please help stop the spread of Oregon's aquatic hitchhikers! No new updates. Last updated 7/30/26. LEMOLO RESERVOIR: Brown trout, rainbow trout, kokanee The lake was stocked in mid-June with 2,000 larger rainbows. Fishing for rainbow trout is good. The reservoir was stocked in Mid-May with rainbow trout. For other information call the Lemolo Lake Resort at (541) 643-0750. Kokanee has a separate harvest limit of 10 per day, with no size limit . Last updated 8/26/26. LITTLE HYATT LAKE: Trout, largemouth bass Little Hyatt Res was stocked with 1,200 legal-sized rainbow trout in April, and anglers report good catches. Small rooster tails and blue-fox spinners seem to be working. No new updates. Last updated 7/30/26. LOON LAKE : Warmwater species, trout The BLM boat ramp is open until September 30. The lake was stocked in the middle of April, and again in Mid-May with legal rainbow trout. The Loon Lake Lodge ramp is open April through October 31. This ramp is private and has limited parking. It may be closed if it is full. You may want to call the lodge at (541) 599-2244 before heading out. Fishing should be good for trout and bass. Last updated 8/26/26. LOST CREEK RESERVOIR: Rainbow trout, landlocked spring chinook, bass The lake level is 1,799.43ft and the water surface temperature at Lost Creek is 74F. In addition to trolling, Lost Creek also offers good bank fishing access, and fishing on both sides of the lake near the dam can be very effective using PowerBait. Trolling wedding rings with a worm has been a proven method. Last updated 8/25/26. Anglers can click here to get the latest reservoir details or by calling the US Army Corps Lost Creek Lake and Applegate Reservoir projects information line at (800) 472-2434. MEDCO POND: Rainbow trout, largemouth bass, bluegill, black crappie Medco Pond is a private pond, and access can be revoked at any time. A load of legal-size rainbows is anticipated to be stocked this week. Largemouth bass, bluegill, and crappie fishing are almost always a good bet here and a great way for young anglers to catch fish. Bank anglers should stay away from the east portion of the lake, again due to private property, and stay on the roadside of the gate with any vehicles (even if the gate is open). No new reports. Last updated 6/17/26. To help keep access open, please pick up any trash you may see. PLAT I RESERVOIR: Trout, bass Angling is slow for rainbow trout. Fish will be spread out now that the reservoir is at full pool. The reservoir was stocked in the middle of March with Rainbow trout. Last updated 8/26/26. ROGUE RIVER Rogue River, lower: Chinook, summer steelhead, half-pounder steelhead, surf perch Good numbers of chinook are still being picked up in the bay and fishing will stay good through early October. Salmon are also starting to move up the river is pretty good numbers. Fishing in the river will still be a little tough until water temperatures drop a bit more. Anglers fishing early in the morning will find the best water temperatures and less boat traffic. Half pounder steelhead are spread throughout the lower river. There are a few adult summer steelhead around, but the return is down this year. Last updated 8/25/26. Rogue River, middle: Steelhead, Chinook The middle Rogue is low this time of year. Please use proper catch-and-release techniques on fish that will not be harvested, such as keeping fish in the water as much as possible and releasing them quickly. No new reports. Last updated 7/30/26. Current flow, temp and turbidity conditions for the Rogue can be found at the USGS stream gauges here , or checking the City of Grants Pass water page's river data here . Rogue River, upper: Steelhead, Chinook The release from Lost Creek Reservoir is around 1,740cfs and 55.9F. Click here for current flow at the Ray Gold gage. For up-to-date river levels, check all the USGS Rogue gauges here. Cole Rivers Hatchery returns as of 8/18/26: New summer steelhead 11, season total 327. New spring Chinook 104, season total 16174. Folks are still catching a few hatchery and wild winter steelhead, and side-drifting larger beads seems to be the most productive. There are a few spring Chinook being caught, and angling pressure is starting to increase. If you don't intend to harvest a fish, please use proper catch-and-release techniques, such as keeping fish in the water as much as possible and releasing wild fish immediately. Last updated 8/12/26. Rogue River, above Lost Creek Reservoir: Trout Rogue River above Lost Creek Lake is anticipated to be stocked with 2,500 legal sized fish this week. Fly fishing can start to become quite good as hatches are starting to come out. Brown trout can also be caught in and around the North Fork Reservoir in Prospect. Bass crank baits or leech patterns fished near logs or structure can coax them to bite. Anglers are encouraged to harvest brook trout regardless of size. No new reports. Last updated 7/21/26. Sixes River: Cutthroat If winds are light, the estuary can be a good place to target cutthroat. Anglers can also find cutthroat scattered throughout the river, but access is very limited. Please be mindful of out-migrating salmon and steelhead smolt. If you catch these young salmonids, consider switching to barbless hooks and/or moving to a new location. No new reports. Last updated 7/8/26. SMITH RIVER, Umpqua: Striped bass, trout, smallmouth bass, Chinook Please be aware Smith River below Sisters Creek and North Fork Smith below Bridge 10 are open for catch-and-release only for trout. Above these locations it is open for retention. Smallmouth bass and striped bass are being caught in the tidewater sections. Angling for bass has been good. There are no harvest limits on any bass in the Smith River. There is also good access for angling since the Smith River Road follows the mainstem most of the time. Last updated 8/26/26. SPALDING POND: Trout Spalding pond was stocked in April. This is a nice quiet, high elevation pond west of Grants Pass. No new updates. Last updated 7/30/26. TENMILE LAKES/TENMILE CREEK: Trout, largemouth bass, yellow perch, coho salmon Largemouth bass in Tenmile Lakes can be active during mornings/evenings and can be caught on crankbaits, jigs, and finesse lures like drop shots. Look to find bass along submerged logs and deeper weed line edges. Fishing should be fair to good depending on the day. Fish for yellow perch along the edge of the weed lines near the bottom and submerged structures. Fish the bottom with either a worm or a jig/jigging spoon tipped with a worm. Steelhead fishing is over in the Tenmile Basin for the year as fish have matured and migrated to spawning areas and the adult hatchery trapping locations. Coho salmon do not enter the lake until November. ODFW stocking of Tenmile and other lakes (Saunders, Bradley, Butterfield, Empire Lakes, Powers Pond) has been curtailed until fall. However, some trout are still present. Trout fishing has been slow in those locations. Trout fishing in the lakes is open year-round. Trout anglers can have success trolling in deeper water using wedding rings tipped with a nightcrawler. Last updated 8/17/26. UMPQUA HIKE-IN LAKES AND FOREBAYS: Trout Most of the lakes are accessible. No reports of angling conditions. Check with USFS for current trail and road conditions. Check out ODFW's trout stocking map for lakes stocked in the Southwest. Make sure to check the latest closures for wildfire in the South Umpqua . Last updated 8/26/26. UMPQUA RIVER, *MAINSTEM: Fall Chinook, bass Fall Chinook regulations Start July 1 through November 30. Anglers are finding a few early Chinook near Reedsport. Bass fishing is good. A few good reports of some large striped bass have been reported. Last updated 8/26/26. UMPQUA RIVER, NORTH: Trout Returns of summer steelhead have fallen below the level where ODFW needed to take action to protect these fish. Following the framework developed in 2022, ODFW closed the North Umpqua to steelhead fishing beginning August 10 and continuing through November 30. The North Umpqua will remain open for trout fishing in areas where allowed. Anglers are encouraged to use appropriate catch-and-release techniques due to the higher water temperatures currently in the basin. Last updated 8/26/26. UMPQUA RIVER, *SOUTH: Bass, trout Smallmouth bass fishing is good. Trout fishing is catch-and-release only. *Douglas County Permanent Recreational Use Advisory: South Umpqua River and mainstem Umpqua River The advisory covers the South Umpqua River from Canyonville downstream to the confluence with the mainstem Umpqua River, and the mainstem Umpqua River downstream past Elkton to Sawyers Rapids. Pools in the bedrock along the rivers edge are known to develop cyanobacteria blooms that can be harmful to pets and people. Signs have been posted at several access areas along the river. Last updated 8/26/26. WILLOW LAKE: Rainbow trout, largemouth bass, black crappie, brown bullhead, yellow perch Largemouth bass fishing should start to get good as the weather is forecasted to warm up a bit over the next week. Dead-dropping rubber baits on a jig near stumps or willows along the margins can be very effective for bass. Willow Lake is about 2996.47acft full. Full pool is about 8,500acft. To check the current lake level click here . The boat ramp is closed; paddle crafts can carry down. There are opportunities for bank angling available. Last updated 8/25/26. For more information on camping and day use please visit Jackson County Parks or call (541) 774-8183. WINCHUCK RIVER: Cutthroat If winds are light, the estuary can be a good place to target cutthroat. Anglers interested in fishing the river can find good cutthroat fishing and bank access on the forest service property. Please be mindful of out-migrating salmon and steelhead smolt. If you catch these young salmonids, consider switching to barbless hooks and/or moving to a new location. Remember, no angling from a floating device on this river; bank angling or wading only. No new reports . Last updated 7/14/26. Regulation Updates Please see the regulation update page .