Fishing Report - Northwest Zone | Oregon Department of Fish & Wildlife Recreation Report Northwest Zone Recreation Report Regulation Updates Table of Contents Table of Contents Get the Northwest Zone Fishing Report in your inbox Subscribe Recreation Report Fun to catch, Fun to release. Summer steelhead on the Siletz. Photo by Justin Robert Jahn NW Fishing September 17, 2026 Best bets for weekend fishing: Nehalem Bay has fall Chinook in the bay and tidewater. Fishing slowed a little over the past week for Chinook but there are still multiple fish being caught daily. The Bag limit is one wild adult Chinook per day and five for the season (July 1 to Nov 30) as part of the overall daily bag limit. A few hatchery coho have been caught in the bay as well. Wild coho fisheries is open in Nehalem, Tillamook, and Nestucca Bays, the season runs until Oct 28 (Open Wednesdays, Saturdays, and Sundays only). As part of your 2 adult salmon/steelhead per day, only 1 can be a wild adult coho. No more than 3 wild adult coho per season in any one basin (Nehalem, Tillamook, and Nestucca). No more than 5 wild adult coho salmon may be harvested per year in the Northwest and Southwest Zones. See the regulation updates online at Fall coastal salmon management for more details. The first weekend of this fishery was fairly good in Nehalem, a little slow in Tillamook, and quite slow on the Nestucca. The lower portions of the bays are fishing the best at this time. Tillamook Bay had a noticeable uptick in fall Chinook fishing the past week with a fair number being caught. The Bag limit is one wild adult Chinook per day and five for the season (July 1 to Nov 30) as part of the overall daily bag limit. See the regulation updates online at Fall coastal salmon management for more details. Nestucca Bay is producing some fall Chinook as well. It's been a little slow over the past week but some fish are still being caught. The Bag limit is one wild adult Chinook per day and only 2 for the season (July 1 to Nov 30) as part of the overall daily bag limit. See the regulation updates online at Fall coastal salmon management for more details. Cape Meares Lake and Town Lake were stocked with trophy trout the first week of the month and Cape Meares got some extra fish left over from a family fishing event. Coffenbury Lake, Lost Lake, and Sunset Lake are getting stocked with trophy trout this week. These are 2-3 pound trout that are fun to catch! Warm water fisheries for bass and sunfish starts to slow down this time of year as water temperatures begin to drop and the fish get less active, but there will still be some opportunity through the end of the month and even into early October. Cape Meares Lake, Coffenbury Lake, Cullaby Lake, and Vernonia pond all have decent populations of warm water species available to catch. Lake Lytle has a good largemouth bass population, but it is very weedy. The bass populations in Cape Meares and Coffenbury are healthy with decent numbers and size of fish. The population is down in Town Lake. There are still summer steelhead in the Nestucca and Wilson Rivers. While many anglers switch over to salmon fishing this time of year; September and October can be a great time to target summer steelhead in the upper Wilson and Nestucca as the cooler water temperatures will get these fish that have been holding for some time more active. Summer steelhead fishing on the Siletz River has been slow, but last week's rain should get some fish moving again. Multiple batches of summer steelhead were recycled to the lower river for additional angler opportunity in May and June. Recycled steelhead have a colored tag at the base of the dorsal fin. Anglers are asked to please report tagged steelhead caught in the Siletz River to caleb.w.yann@odfw.oregon.gov with the date, tag color, and general location where fish were caught to monitor recapture and harvest rates in the basin. Additional summer steelhead were also recycled to Olalla Reservoir to provide angler opportunities. The Siuslaw, Alsea, and Siletz rivers are producing a decent number of fall Chinook. Fall Chinook catch in the Yaquina River and Salmon River has been fair. Wild coho fisheries will open Sept 19 in the Siletz, Yaquina and Siuslaw rivers. As part of your 2 adult salmon/steelhead per day, only 1 can be a wild adult coho. No more than 3 wild coho may be kept per season in any one basin. No more than 5 wild adult coho salmon may be harvested per year in the Northwest and Southwest Zone. Harvest of 1 wild coho jack per day is allowed in areas open for wild adult coho harvest. There is no season limit for wild coho jacks. For more details visit Fall Coastal Salmon Management . Sea-run and resident cutthroat can be found in many Mid Coast streams currently open to angling. Anglers are reminded to be aware of daily bag limits, bait restrictions and additional angling closures. Warmwater fisheries can be a great option this time of year. Siltcoos and Tahkenitch lakes can be great places to target largemouth bass, yellow perch, and bluegill. Largemouth bass are doing well at both locations. Siletz River HWY 229 remains closed at approximately milepost 14 due to a large land slide covering the road. Trout stocking September: Lost Lake, Town Lake, Coffenbury Lake, Cape Meares Lake, Sunset Lake (N Coast Range) Check out the trout stocking schedule. Trout stocking maps Check out the ODFW fishing and trout stocking maps to find nearby fishing locations, driving directions and descriptions of amenities. Announcements Three Rivers from the mouth to the hatchery deadline is closed to angling July 16 to September 30. Trask River 200 feet above and 900 feet below Gold Creek at Trask Hatchery (which includes the "hatchery hole") is closed to angling July 16 to Oct 15. New for 2026: Tillamook Bay and River upstream of the Hwy 131 bridge is closed to all sturgeon angling (including catch and release). Trask Hatchery has some damage to their access road, the hatchery is still open to the public, but as a result anglers and visitors alike will need to park up top and walk down. The Trask is closed to angling from the marker at the Dam Hole (MP 7 on Trask River Road) up to Blue Ridge Creek Sept 1 to Nov 30. Many coastal fall salmon fisheries are underway. For regulation updates visit Regulation Updates. For fall salmon season outlines and bag limits visit Fall Coastal Salmon Management . Big Creek from the RR trestle to the hatchery deadline is closed to angling until Oct. 15. Sign up for the latest information on boater access Marine Board's Opportunities and Access Report incorporates information from federal and state agencies, local facility operators and fellow boaters to provide up-to-date information so boaters can decide where to recreate and what to expect this season. Subscribe to receive email updates . Updates by waterbody ALSEA RIVER: Cutthroat trout, Chinook salmon Fall Chinook are here and anglers have been catching a good number in the bay and tidewater. More fish will continue to move in especially if we get a good rain. The wild Chinook bag limit is 2 adults per day/10 for the season from August 1 to December 31, as part of the overall daily bag limit. Wild Chinook jacks may be retained as per the permanent regulations (up to 5/day). As a reminder, wild coho retention is closed in the Alsea River for the 2026 season. For regulation updates visit Regulation Updates . For season outlines visit Fall Coastal Salmon Management. Sea-run and resident cutthroat trout are available throughout the Alsea River. Check your regulations before you head out for bait or stream restrictions. Last updated 9/14/26. KILCHIS RIVER: Cutthroat trout There are cutthroat trout throughout Kilchis and plenty of public access off Kilchis Forest Road. Fall Chinook season opened August 1 and there may be a few fish moving into tidewater, but numbers will be low until a little later in the run. The wild Chinook bag limit is one adult per day/five for the season from August 1 to November 30, as part of the overall daily bag limit (in aggregate with Tillamook Bay, Miami R, Kilchis R, Wilson R, Trask R, and Tillamook R). Wild Chinook jacks may be retained as per permanent regulations (up to 5/day). See the regulation updates online at Fall coastal salmon management for more details. Last updated 9/15/26. NECANICUM RIVER: Cutthroat trout There are cutthroat trout throughout the Necanicum River fishery. Sea-run cutthroat are throughout the river. Concentrate on deep pools with cover and use stealthy tactics for the best odds of success. Technically Fall Chinook fishing opened in the Necanicum on Aug. 1, and there may be a few moving into tidewater, but the numbers will be low until later in the fall, thus far very few fish have been caught. The wild Chinook bag limit is one adult per day/five for the season from Aug 1 to Nov 30, as part of the overall daily bag limit. Wild Chinook jacks may be retained as per the permanent regulations (up to 5/day). See the regulation updates online at Fall coastal salmon management for more details. The Highway 101 boat ramp south of Seaside will be closed to vehicle access until next fall to reduce dumping and illegal camping. A combination lock will be put back on the gate for angler access next fall usually around mid-October. Walk in access is still permitted through the summer. Last updated 9/15/26. NEHALEM RIVER & NORTH FORK NEHALEM: Chinook, coho, Cutthroat trout The Nehalem has fall Chinook coming in and fishing has been fair. It slowed a little last week but there are still fish being caught daily. The early returning fish "summer Chinook" have moved upriver but there are fresh fish coming in and will be through October. The majority of the Chinook are in the bay where trolling spinners or herring are go-to techniques. The wild Chinook bag limit is one adult per day/five for the season from July 1 to Nov 30, as part of the overall daily bag limit. Wild Chinook jacks may be retained as per the permanent regulations (up to 5/day). See the regulation updates online at Fall coastal salmon management for more details. The wild coho fishery in Nehalem Bay opened Sept. 9 and there were a fair number caught last weekend. The season is Sept 9 to Oct 28 (Open Wednesdays, Saturdays, and Sundays only). As part of your 2 adult salmon/steelhead per day, only 1 can be a wild adult coho. No more than 3 wild adult coho per season from the Nehalem basin. No more than 5 wild adult coho salmon may be harvested per year in the Northwest and Southwest Zones. See the regulation updates online at Fall coastal salmon management for more details. There are also hatchery coho in the Nehalem basin and hatchery fish may be retained 7 days a week. There are cutthroat trout throughout the Nehalem basin and no shortage of places to fish for them. Sea-run cutthroat are dispersed throughout the fishery. Fishing has been good for them recently. Remember to check for bait restrictions before fishing. The Nehalem River above the Hwy 26 bridge at Elsie is closed to all angling Sept 1 to Nov 30. Last updated 9/15/26. NESTUCCA RIVER & LITTLE NESTUCCA RIVER: Summer steelhead, cutthroat trout, Chinook Fall Chinook are starting to show up in Nestucca Bay with some fish being caught. Fishing slowed a little the past week but there should still be fresh fish coming in through October. The majority of Chinook will still be in the bay until we get some rain. The wild Chinook bag limit is one adult per day/two for the season from Aug 1 to Nov 30, as part of the overall daily bag limit. Wild Chinook jacks may be retained as per the permanent regulations (up to 5/day). See the regulation updates online at Fall coastal salmon management for more details. The wild coho fishery open in the Nestucca. Fishing has been slow thus far. The season runs from Sept 9 to Oct 28 (Open Wednesdays, Saturdays, and Sundays only). As part of your 2 adult salmon/steelhead per day, only 1 can be a wild adult coho. No more than 3 wild adult coho per season from the Nestucca basin. No more than 5 wild adult coho salmon may be harvested per year in the Northwest and Southwest Zones. See the regulation updates online at Fall coastal salmon management for more details. It is still a little early for coho but there should be a few starting to show up. The Nestucca also gets a hatchery summer steelhead run. Many anglers switch to salmon fishing in the fall but September and October can be a great time to target summer steelhead. The cooler water temperatures and fall rains can get these fish more active and willing to bite. Even though they have been in the river for a few months they aren't going to spawn until winter so many of them are still good table fair. There are fish present throughout the fishery (up to Elk Creek), and Cedar Creek Hatchery has been recycling summer steelhead to increase angler opportunity. Some rain this week may get them more active and improve fishing. Lures, beads, and jigs are all effective techniques. There are cutthroat trout throughout the Nestucca basin. Sea-run cutthroat are dispersed throughout the fishery. Fishing should be fair to good. Last updated 9/15/26. River levels and predictions for the Nestucca are available here. SALMON RIVER: Cutthroat trout, Chinook salmon Fall Chinook are here and a fair number are being caught in the lower river. More fish will move in over the next few weeks. The wild Chinook bag limit is 2 adults per day/10 for the season from Aug 1 to Dec 31, as part of the overall daily bag limit. Wild Chinook jacks may be retained as per the permanent regulations (up to 5/day). For regulation updates visit Regulation Updates. For season outlines visit Fall Coastal Salmon Management. Resident and sea-run cutthroat trout are available in the Salmon River. Be sure to check your regulations before you head out for bait or stream restrictions. Last updated 9/14/26. SILETZ RIVER: Summer steelhead, Chinook salmon, cutthroat trout Fall Chinook are here and anglers have been having good success in the bay and tidewater. More fish should be moving in over the next few weeks. The wild Chinook bag limit is up to 2 adults per day/10 for the season from Aug 1 to Dec 31, as part of the overall daily bag limit. Wild Chinook jacks may be retained as per the permanent regulations (up to 5/day). As a reminder, the Siletz River from the marker sign approximately 1,200 ft above Ojalla Bridge to Illahee boat ramp is closed to salmon angling until October 7. Wild coho retention will be open Sept 19 through Nov 7. As part of your 2 adult salmon/steelhead per day, only 1 can be a wild adult coho. No more than 3 wild adult coho can be harvested from the Siletz basin for the season. No more than 5 wild adult coho salmon may be harvested per year in the Northwest and Southwest Zones. Harvest of 1 wild coho jack per day is allowed in areas open for wild adult coho harvest. There is no season limit for wild coho jacks. For regulation updates visit Regulation Updates. For season outlines visit Fall Coastal Salmon Management. Summer steelhead are dispersed throughout the Siletz River, but fishing has been slow. Rain and cooler weather should get the fish more active and willing to bite. Most anglers are targeting the gorge upstream of Moonshine Park. The bank access in the upper gorge offers a unique and often remote fishing experience for anglers looking to get away from crowds. Multiple batches of summer steelhead were recycled to the lower river for additional angler opportunity in May and June. Recycled steelhead will have a colored tag at the base of the dorsal fin. Anglers are asked to please report tagged steelhead caught in the Siletz River to caleb.w.yann@odfw.oregon.gov with the date, tag color, and general location fish were caught. Thank you to all the anglers who have been reporting tagged steelhead. Resident and sea-run cutthroat trout are available in the Siletz River. Be sure to check your regulations before you head out for bait or stream restrictions. As a reminder, fishing is closed on the Siletz River and tributaries upstream of Siletz Falls A landslide on HWY 229 has resulted in a road closure at approximately milepost 14.5. HWY 229 will be closed for the unforeseeable future until crews are able to safely remove the debris from the roadway. As a general reminder for Anglers: Help to protect boating opportunities by maximizing distance from bank anglers and other boats. Safely row or motor around anglers and other boats and avoid motoring nearshore and in shallow areas. Last updated 9/14/26. SIUSLAW RIVER: Cutthroat trout, Chinook salmon, rockfish, surf perch, crabbing Fall Chinook are here and anglers have been having good success in the lower river. The wild Chinook bag limit is 1 adult per day/5 for the season from Aug 1 to Dec 31, as part of the overall daily bag limit. Wild Chinook jacks may be retained as per the permanent regulations (up to 5/day). Wild coho retention will be open Sept 19 through Oct 13. As part of your 2 adult salmon/steelhead per day, only 1 can be a wild adult coho. No more than 3 wild adult coho can be harvested from the Siuslaw basin for the season. No more than 5 wild adult coho salmon may be harvested per year in the Northwest and Southwest Zones. Harvest of 1 wild coho jack per day is allowed in areas open for wild adult coho harvest. There is no season limit for wild coho jacks. For regulation updates visit Regulation Updates. For season outlines visit Fall Coastal Salmon Management. Resident and sea-run cutthroat trout are available in the Siuslaw River. Be sure to check your regulations before you head out for bait or stream restrictions. Jetties can be a great place to target rockfish and surf perch during the summer. For more information on surf perch, crabbing, rockfish and lingcod, refer to the Marine Recreation Report. Last updated 9/ 14 /26 . THREE RIVERS: Cutthroat trout Three Rivers from the mouth to the hatchery deadline is closed to angling until September 30. The best opportunity upstream of the hatchery weir is for cutthroat trout as hatchery Chinook and steelhead are stopped at Cedar Creek hatchery. Resident cutthroat are present throughout the upper portion of the stream. Last updated 9/15/26. TILLAMOOK BAY: Chinook, coho. Fall Chinook fishing is open in the Tillamook basin (Tillamook Bay, Miami R, Kilchis R, Wilson R, Trask R, and Tillamook R). There have been some Chinook getting caught consistently in the bay. There are fish in both the upper and lower bays, and more should be coming in. The wild Chinook bag limit is one adult per day/five for the season from Aug 1 to Nov 30, as part of the overall daily bag limit. Wild Chinook jacks may be retained as per the permanent regulations (up to 5/day). See the regulation updates online at Fall coastal salmon management for more details. The wild coho fishery is open in Tillamook. It's still a little slow but there have been some fish caught mostly in the lower bay. The season runs from Sept 9 to Oct 28 (Open Wednesdays, Saturdays, and Sundays only). As part of your 2 adult salmon/steelhead per day, only 1 can be a wild adult coho. No more than 3 wild adult coho per season from the Tillamook basin. No more than 5 wild adult coho salmon may be harvested per year in the Northwest and Southwest Zones. See the regulation updates online at Fall coastal salmon management for more details. Tillamook Bay also gets a run of hatchery coho headed for the Trask River. It is still a little early for coho but there should be a few starting to show up. There are also hatchery coho that will be coming through Tillamook Bay headed for the Trask River; hatchery coho are open for retention 7 days a week as part of the 2 adult salmon/steelhead daily bag limit. Last updated 9/15/26. TRASK RIVER: Chinook, cutthroat trout, coho Chinook fishing is slow on the Trask. There are fall Chinook around, but they are mostly in the bay and tidewater although a few have been caught in the lower river. The wild Chinook bag limit is one adult per day/five for the season from Aug 1 to Nov 30, as part of the overall daily bag limit (in aggregate with Tillamook Bay, Miami R, Kilchis R, Wilson R, Trask R, and Tillamook R). Wild Chinook jacks may be retained as per the permanent regulations (up to 5/day). See the regulation updates online at Fall coastal salmon management for more details. The Trask River gets a return of hatchery coho that should start coming back this month, but for now they will mostly be in the estuary. There is no retention of wild coho allowed upstream of the Hwy 101 bridge. The Trask is closed to angling from the marker at the Dam Hole (MP 7 on Trask River Road) up to Blue Ridge Creek Sept 1 through Nov 30. The section of the Trask River 200 ft above and 900 ft below Gold Creek at Trask Hatchery (which includes the "hatchery hole") is closed to angling until October 15. Trout fishing is open and there are cutthroat trout (including sea-runs) throughout the fishery, which includes the North, South, and East forks (no bait allowed in the forks between May 22-Aug 31). Fishing is fair to good. Trask hatchery has some damage to the access road so anglers and visitors will need to park up top and walk down if passing through to upstream areas. Last updated 9/15/26. WILSON RIVER: Summer steelhead, cutthroat trout. Summer steelhead are in the Wilson River. Many anglers switch to salmon fishing in the fall but September and October can be a great time to target summer steelhead. The cooler water temperatures and fall rains can get these fish more active and willing to bite. Even though they have been in the river for a few months they aren't going to spawn until winter so many of them are still good table fair. Fish are throughout the fishery (up to the South Fork), and the upper river seems to have the best numbers. There is plenty of public access off Highway 6. Lures, beads, and jigs are all proven techniques. There are cutthroat trout (including sea-runs) throughout the Wilson River. Fall Chinook season is open and there may be some moving into tidewater but probably still won't be much upstream. The wild Chinook bag limit is one adult per day/five for the season from Aug 1 to Nov 30, as part of the overall daily bag limit (in aggregate with Tillamook Bay, Miami R, Kilchis R, Wilson R, Trask R, and Tillamook R). Wild Chinook jacks may be retained as per the permanent regulations (up to 5/day). See the regulation updates online at Fall coastal salmon management for more details. Last updated 9/15/26. Wilson River levels and predictions are available here . YAQUINA RIVER: Cutthroat trout, Chinook salmon, rockfish, surf perch, crabbing Fall Chinook are here but fishing has been slow. The wild Chinook bag limit is up to 2 per day/10 for the season from Aug 1 to Dec 31, as part of the overall daily bag limit. Wild Chinook jacks may be retained as per the permanent regulations (up to 5/day). Wild coho retention will be open Sept 19 to Oct 25 and again from Nov 1 to Nov 7. As part of your 2 adult salmon/steelhead per day, only 1 can be a wild adult coho. No more than 3 wild adult coho can be harvested from the Yaquina basin for the season. No more than 5 wild adult coho salmon may be harvested per year in the Northwest and Southwest Zones. Harvest of 1 wild coho jack per day is allowed in areas open for wild adult coho harvest. There is no season limit for wild coho jacks. For regulation updates visit Regulation Updates. For season outlines visit Fall Coastal Salmon Management. Resident and sea-run cutthroat trout are available in the Yaquina River. Be sure to check your regulations before you head out for bait or stream restrictions. Jetties can be a great place to target rockfish and surf perch during the summer. For information on marine species such as surf perch, rockfish and lingcod, refer to the Marine Recreation Report. Last updated 9/14/26. Regulation Updates Please see the regulation update page .