Fishing Report - Snake Zone | Oregon Department of Fish & Wildlife Recreation Report Snake Zone Recreation Report Regulation Updates Table of Contents Table of Contents Get the Snake Zone Fishing Report in your inbox Subscribe Recreation Report "A great afternoon of catfishing!" Snake River channel catfish -Photo by Mike Miles- SNAKE FISHING September 3, 2026 Best bets for weekend fishing Bass and trout can be caught downstream of Hells Canyon Dam. Fall Chinook salmon reopened on August 18 on Snake River downstream of Hells Canyon Dam, harvest limits have been adjusted due to low return numbers. See the regulation updates page for more information. Announcements: Fishing in drought and wildfire season - actions you can take to protect wildlife and yourself. For the most current fire closures and restrictions-- KNOW BEFORE YOU GO . If your favorite fishing spot is no longer listed It's probably because that river, lake or reservoir is closed for the season, inaccessible, or offers limited fishing opportunities. These waterbodies will re-appear in the Recreation Report when access and/or opportunity improves. Sign up for the latest information on boater access Marine Board's Opportunities and Access Report incorporates information from federal and state agencies, local facility operators and fellow boaters to provide up-to-date information so boaters can decide where to recreate and what to expect this season. Subscribe to receive email updates . Updates by section BROWNLEE, OXBOW, AND HELLS CANYON RESERVOIRS : Trout, perch, crappie, bass, catfish, sturgeon Fishing is good for warmwater species throughout the summer but can slow substantially midday as the summer warms and water temperatures increase. These reservoirs can form strong thermal layers with water devoid of Oxygen because of high nutrient loads. During the summer, harmful toxic algae blooms are common in these reservoirs, and swimming or letting pets in the water is not recommended. When fishing in the summer, look for crappie suspending in open water or around structures. Try trolling small Rapalas on down riggers for crappie in the Powder River arm of Brownlee Reservoir. Some catfish and bass will be available in shallower water. For bass, expect a very light bite and be prepared to use some finesse to catch larger fish. However, once warm weather sets in, anglers may find the best success waiting until cool weather returns in the autumn after warm, oxygen depleted water conditions with toxic algae blooms have ended. Brownlee Reservoir and Hells Canyon Reservoir are under advisories for harmful blue green algae, and the Powder Arm of Brownlee is currently under a precaution for harmful blue green algae. Follow this link to see the Oregon Health Authorities website showing harmful algae bloom advisories. Reservoir levels can fluctuate greatly affecting which boat ramps are usable. Follow the links below to get up-to-date information on access along Brownlee Reservoir. Last updated 8/24/26 . Call the Idaho Power Company's recording at 1-800-422-3143 to get information on access at recreational sites or see the following link for Reservoir level information. SNAKE RIVER below HELLS CANYON RESERVOIR : Trout, bass, sturgeon Bass fishing can be phenomenal during the summer. Casting lures or soft plastic jigs toward rocks near shore is a very effective way of targeting bass in the Snake River. Most are smaller fish, but they are very numerous. Sturgeon fishing can be good in the Snake River downstream of Hells Canyon Dam. However, sturgeon fishing will be slower during the summer when water temperatures are warmer. All sturgeon must be released unharmed and cannot be removed from the water. The Snake River downstream of Hells Canyon Dam will re-open for angling for fall Chinook salmon on August 18. However, due to low returns of Chinook salmon, harvest limits have been adjusted to only allow one wild (unclipped) Chinook salmon to be harvested per day. Please see the regulation updates page for more information. Last updated 8/17/26 . Hells Canyon River flows can be found at this link . SNAKE RIVER (above Brownlee Reservoir) : Channel catfish, flathead catfish, smallmouth bass This section of the Snake River above Brownlee Reservoir predominantly has catfish and bass that are well adapted to increased water temperatures. Although flows may decrease as water is used for crop irrigation, anglers can still find success fishing pools and back eddies where fish will congregate. Fishing near Farewell Bend State Park can be a productive area during the summer to target catfish from the bank and from boats. Because this section of river is free flowing, it is less susceptible to becoming Oxygen deprived or having toxic algae blooms. No new reports. Last updated 6/10/26 . There is a camera at Farewell Bend State Park to check the water level at the dock at this link . Regulation Updates Please see the regulation update page .