Fishing Report - Northeast Zone | Oregon Department of Fish & Wildlife Recreation Report Northeast Zone Recreation Report Regulation Updates Table of Contents Table of Contents Get the Northeast Zone Fishing Report in your inbox Subscribe Recreation Report "Fun Times" Trout, Wallowa County -Photo by Sam Hulse- NE Fishing September 3, 2026 Best bets for weekend fishing : Jubilee lake is open and should be good to fish. Fishing for trout will be best near shore especially on the South end of the lake near the inlet of the Wallowa River. Try Willow Creek Reservoir for trout, bass, and crappie. Penland Lake is producing limits of rainbow trout. Try warmwater fishing for bass in the lower Grand Ronde. Trout stocking Stocking schedules have been impacted by lower-than-normal water levels and higher temperatures. September 21-25: Honeymoon Pond, Kinney Lake, McGraw Pond, Salt Creek Summit Pond, Teepee Pond. Additional stocking to resume in March 2027. Check out the trout stocking schedule. Trout stocking maps Check out the ODFW fishing and trout stocking maps to find nearby fishing locations, driving directions and descriptions of amenities. Announcements: Fishing in drought and wildfire season - actions you can take to protect wildlife and yourself. For the most current fire closures and restrictions-- KNOW BEFORE YOU GO . If your favorite fishing spot is closed or no longer listed It's probably because that river, lake or reservoir is closed for the season, inaccessible, or offers limited fishing opportunities. These waterbodies will re-appear in the Recreation Report when access and/or opportunity improves. Sign up for the latest information on boater access Marine Board's Opportunities and Access Report incorporates information from federal and state agencies, local facility operators and fellow boaters to provide up-to-date information so boaters can decide where to recreate and what to expect this season. Subscribe to receive email updates . Updates by waterbody ALDRICH PONDS (Roosevelt and Stewart Lakes): Trout (2 fish limit) Access to the ponds is now open and both ponds have been stocked for 2026. There are some excellent quality holdover fish in both ponds with recent reports suggesting fishing is good. GRANDE RONDE RIVER: Trout, whitefish, smallmouth bass Flows on the Grande Ronde River have dropped to summertime base levels. Trout fishing will likely slow during this time of year when water temperatures are elevated. However, bass can be caught using a variety of techniques. Last updated 8/17/26. Links to the following river gauges: Grande Ronde River Below Clear Creek, Near Starkey Grande Ronde River, Near Perry Grande Ronde River at Troy HAT ROCK POND : Trout Anglers should find success throughout the summer using PowerBait, worms or spinners, and focus their efforts in the mornings or evenings. Last updated 8/24/26. IMNAHA RIVER: Trout, whitefish, bass Fishing for trout and whitefish can be good throughout the middle and upper Imnaha River. Trout can be caught on a variety of flies and lures. Anglers targeting whitefish should drift weighted nymphs through deeper holes. Bass can be caught by anglers in the lower portion of the river, especially downstream of Cow Creek. Note that angling for salmon is prohibited throughout the Imnaha River including catch and release. No new reports. Last updated 7/27/26. JOHN DAY RIVER: Bass, trout Due to multiple large wildfires in the John Day Basin, access to the river is closed in many areas. The Prineville BLM has closed access to several areas within the John Day Basin, including some boat launches. The Twickenham boat launch, which is managed by ODFW on private lands, is also closed in addition to several boat launches on BLM lands in the vicinity of Mitchell and Clarno. Be sure to consult the Prineville BLM webpage for current closure information. Current river flows are extremely low. Last updated 8/17/26. JUBILEE LAKE : Rainbow trout Access to Jubilee Lake is currently open and fishing should be good. Last updated 8/31/26. LOOKINGGLASS CREEK : Rainbow trout, mountain whitefish Fishing for Chinook Salmon closed on June 14. Regulations for fishing Lookingglass Creek reverted to permanent regulations available in the 2026 regulation booklet. Throughout the summer, trout and whitefish will be available to anglers fishing at Lookingglass Creek. No new reports. Last updated 7/22/26. MAGONE LAKE: Rainbow and brook trout Fishing is often good year-round, and the lake has been stocked for 2026. McNARY PONDS: Walleye, bass and trout Trout will likely be most active in the morning and late evening hours. Bass fishing can also be good during the summer months. Last updated 8/17/26. McKAY RESERVOIR : Bass, perch, rainbow trout Be advised that McKay Reservoir is currently being used as a source of water for fire suppression. Refuge gates are currently locked and boating is prohibited. Bank angling is still allowed. Fishing for bass and panfish has been good on McKay Reservoir. The Oregon Health Authority has issued a precaution for harmful algae blooms. The reservoir is currently 31% full. Last updated 8/24/26. MORGAN LAKE: Closed Access to Morgan Lake is closed due to extreme fire danger. For more information, please reference the City of La Grande's website . Last updated 8/17/26. PENLAND LAKE: Rainbow trout Fishing for rainbow trout is currently very good on Penland Lake. Shore anglers have been having good success near the boat launch with power bait. Last updated 8/24/26. UMATILLA RIVER: Fall Chinook, coho, summer steelhead, trout, bass, walleye Fishing for salmon and steelhead opens on September 1. Expect catch rates to increase as we get closer to October. There is now a new regulation in place with a hook gap size that may not exceed 3/8 inch in the section of the Umatilla River above the CTUIR reservation. This new regulation is to protect bull trout and decrease the chance of hooking mortality. As a reminder, if you catch a bull trout, recognized by its white spots, please keep it in the water and release it as quickly as possible. Targeting bull trout is NOT allowed in the Umatilla River. Last updated 8/24/26. WALLOWA COUNTY PONDS: Rainbow trout Local ponds including Victor, Weaver, and Marr Pond have been stocked with rainbow trout. These ponds should provide good fishing throughout the summer along with various forest ponds that have also been stocked. Anglers can be successful using a variety of lures, flies, and baits. Kinney Lake has drained. It will be restocked after it begins to fill again later into fall. Last updated 8/17/26. WALLOWA LAKE: Rainbow trout, kokanee, lake trout Wallowa Lake has been stocked with rainbow trout that readily take lures, flies, and dough baits. Fishing for trout will be best near shore especially on the South end of the lake near the inlet of the Wallowa River. Anglers are still catching some very nice kokanee. Most kokanee are now at depths > 45 feet. Both trolling and jigging can be effective ways of catching kokanee during this time of year. Using a fish finder and a downrigger can help anglers find the depths where kokanee are holding and present lures to them. Last updated 8/17/26. WALLOWA RIVER: Whitefish, trout Trout and whitefish can be caught on a variety of baits, lures, and flies. Casting flies like wooly buggers and nymphs to pockets of slower moving water near shore can be good ways to catch fish on the Wallowa River. Fishing dry flies or nymphs under a bobber can be very productive. Recently, flows have dropped and fishing may be slower, especially on warmer days. Note that due to low water and warm temperatures extra care should be taken when handling fish. Follow best catch and release ethics to give the fish the best chance at survival and consider giving fish a break in late afternoon. No new reports. Last updated 7/27/26. WILLOW CREEK RESERVOIR: Trout, crappie, bass Recent sampling on Willow Creek Reservoir resulted in a good number of nice sized largemouth bass being collected. Anglers have been catching some nice trout from the shore near the boat launch as well as bass and crappie from boats. As a reminder, there is a 25 fish limit for crappie on Willow Creek Reservoir. This spring, district staff installed 12 artificial habitat structures bringing the total number of structures on the reservoir to 22. These structures were put in place to provide fish habitat when the reservoir is drawn down. The Oregon Health Authority has issued a precaution for harmful algae blooms. Follow this link to see the Oregon Health Authorities website showing harmful algae bloom advisories. Last updated 8/24/26. Regulation Updates Please see the regulation update page .